

 # STARTER UNIT 1 Hello!  

## Section A How do you greet people?  

### Look at the picture. Match the names with the faces.  

Ella and Emma  

###  Greet your classmates.  

### Listen and say the letters. Then practise writing them.  

### Listen and circle the letters you hear in 2a.  

### Listen to three conversations. Fill in the blanks with the correct sentences in the box.  

1.	 Ms Gao:	Good morning, class. Class: Ms Gao:	Sit down, please.  

2.	 Ms Gao:	 Hello, Peter. Can you say hi to the class? Peter: I’m Peter Brown.  

Ms Gao:	 Thank you, Peter. Now class, please say hi to each other.  

3.	 Emma:	  Good morning. My name is Emma.  

Fu Xing:	Good morning, Emma.  

A. Hi, everyone! B. So what’s your name? C. Nice to meet you too, Fu Xing! D. Good morning, Ms Gao.  

Emma:   
Fu Xing:	 Oh, I’m Fu Xing. Nice to meet you, Emma. Emma:  

### Make up a conversation to greet each other.  

A:  Good morning. My name is   
B:   
A:  So what’s your name?   
B:  I’m . Nice to meet you. A:  

 ## Pronunciation  

 ###  Listen to the 26 letters. Find them on the keyboard. Then practise with a partner.  

A:  Where is A? B:  A is here.  

 ###  Listen and repeat the letters.  

1.	 /eɪ/ A a H h J j K k   
2.	 /iː/ B b C c D d E e G g P p T t V v Z z   
3.	 /e/ F f L l M m N n S s X x Z z   
4.	 /aɪ/ I i Y y   
5.	 /əʊ/ O o   
6.	 /juː/ Q q U u W w   
7.	 /ɑː/ R r  

 ###  Listen to these letters. Match them with the pictures.  

### Listen and sing the song.  

A , B , C , D, E , F, G , U, V, W, X , Y, Z . H , I , J, K , L , M , N, X , Y, Z —now you see, O, P, $\textsc { Q }$ R , S , T, I can say my ABCs.  

## Section B  How do you start a conversation?  

### Tick the expressions that start a conversation.  

Hello! How are you? What’s your name?  

Good morning.   
Nice to meet you.   
Goodbye.  

### Read the two conversations. Find out how people start their conversations.  

Conversation 1  

Teng Fei:	  Good morning. May I have your name?   
Emma:  Good morning. My name is Emma Miller.   
Teng Fei:	  How do you spell your name?   
Emma:  E-M-M-A, Emma. M-I-L-L-E-R, Miller. You can call me Emma.   
Teng Fei:	  Nice to meet you, Emma. My name is Teng Fei.   
Emma:  Nice to meet you too, Teng Fei.  

  Conversation 2  

Helen:  Hello, Wang Yaming! How are you?   
Yaming:  Hi, Helen. I’m fine, thank you. And you?   
Helen:  I’m great, thanks.   
Yaming:  Oh, that’s the bell. Let’s go to class.   
Helen: Goodbye!   
Yaming: Bye!  

 ###  Read the conversations in 1b again. Fill in the blanks with the correct responses in the box.  

My name is Emma Miller.   
E-M-M-A, Emma. M-I-L-L-E-R, Miller.   
I’m fine, thank you.   
Nice to meet you too.  

1.	 A: How are you? B:   
2.	 A: May I have your name? B:   
3.	 A: Nice to meet you. B:   
4.	 A: How do you spell your name? B:  

###   Complete the conversations.  Then role-play them with a partner.  

  Conversation 1  

A:  Good morning! May I have your name?   
B: ! My name is   
A:  How do you spell your name?   
B: . You can call me   
A:  Nice to meet you, My name is   
B:  

  Conversation 2  

A:  Hello, ! How are you?   
B:  Hi, . I’m . And you? A: . Oh, it’s time for class.   
B:  Goodbye!   
A:  

##  Learn how to use a dictionary  

### Read the dictionary pages. Circle the words in blue. What order are they in?  

  asleep  

32  

33  

  bank  

  asleep  

sleeping   
The baby is asleep so we have to be quiet.  

  autumn  

the time of the year between summer and winter  

  baby  

a very young child (babies)  

  astronaut  

A bag is used to carry things.  

  bag  

a person who works in space  

awake not asleep  

  ball  

  B  

something round to play with  

  away  

to another place   
The mouse ran   
away when it   
saw the cat.  

  balloon  

  back  

a toy made of rubber that you blow up  

  at  

  awful  

bad, terrible The pain was awful.  

1. the part behind Is your back still painful? 2. to where it was before Give me the book back.  

  banana  

He gets up at 7 o’clock. Let’s meet at the school gate.  

a long yellow fruit  

  aunt  

  bad  

your mother’s or father’s sister  

  axe  

You use an axe to cut wood or trees.  

not good  

A rainy day is a bad day for a picnic.  

  bank  

1. a side of a river 2. a place to keep money in safely  

 ###  Number the following words in alphabetical order.  

you English speak 1 after bike cold hello morning please come what goodbye spell afternoon evening  

###   Have a competition. Find these words in a dictionary as fast as you can.  

short animal tomato beautiful brown lake glass house picture shoe  

 # STARTER UNIT 2 Keep Tidy!  

## Section A What do you have?  

### Look at the picture. Match the things with the names.  

a ruler a cap pencils a bottle an eraser keys  

### Talk about what you have in your schoolbag.  

### Listen to the colour words and match them with the pictures.  

brown black yellow orange green blue white red  

### Look at the things and talk about what colours they are.  

A:  What colour is the cap? B:  It’s A:  What colour are the trousers? B:  They’re  

### Listen to three conversations and colour the things.  

### Listen again and complete the sentences.  

1. Teng Fei’s schoolbag is  

2. Yaming’s bicycle is  

3. Peter’s shoes are  

### Talk about the new things you have.  

A:  I have   
B:  What colour is it / are they?   
A:  It’s / They’re  

## PRONUNCIATION

###   Listen and repeat. Pay attention to the sounds.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>a /e1/</td><td>e /i:/</td><td>i /ai/</td><td>0 /əu/</td><td>u /ju:/</td></tr><tr><td>age</td><td>he</td><td>fine</td><td>no</td><td>use</td></tr><tr><td>cake</td><td>these</td><td>bike</td><td>those</td><td>cute</td></tr></table></body></html>  

  2  

### Circle the word(s) with the sound in each group.  

1.	 /eɪ/ bag late take   
2.	 /iː/ egg bed me   
3.	 /aɪ/ kite ship ice   
4.	 /əʊ/ nose stop go   
5.	 /juː/ duke bus run  

### Listen and practise reading the words.  

1.	 game plane lake   
2.	 she we be   
3.	 time rice white   
4.	 close rose home   
5.	 music student pupil  

### Listen and read the chant aloud.  

Wake up, little Kate!
Don’t get up too late!
The weather is fine,
So meet me at nine.
We can fly my kite,
And ride my cute bike.
So don’t say no.
Come on, let’s go!

## SECTION B  Where do you put your things?  

### Look at the picture. Find the things in the picture. Then complete the sentences with the words in the box. Is this room tidy or not?  

1.  A schoolbag is the desk.  

2.  Some books are the box.  

3.  A pair of socks is the bed.  

### Read the two conversations. Find the cap and glasses in the pictures.  

  Conversation 1  

Ella:  Mum, I can’t find my new cap.   
Mum:	  Your new cap? What colour is it?   
Ella: It’s red.   
Mum:	 Is it in your schoolbag?   
Ella: No, it isn’t.   
Mum:	  Oh, here it is. It’s under your desk. You need to keep your room tidy.   
Ella: OK. Sorry, Mum.  

  Conversation 2  

Dad:  I can’t find my new glasses. Do you see them, Emma?   
Emma:	  What colour are they, Dad?   
Dad:  They’re brown.   
Emma:	  No, I don’t see them … Oh, wait a minute. Now I see them! Dad, they’re on your head!   
Dad:  Oh, thank you, Emma!   
Emma:	  You’re welcome.  

 ###  Read the conversations in 1b again and choose the correct answers.  

1.	 Ella’s cap is  

A. black B. red C. yellow  

2.	 Ella’s cap is  

A. in her schoolbag B. under her desk C. on her chair  

3.	 Emma’s dad has a pair of new glasses, and they are  

A. brown B. green C. blue  

4.	 The glasses are on her dad’s  

A. desk B. head C. nose  

 ###  Write about your things.  

My schoolbag is red. It is under my chair.   
My trousers are brown. They are on my bed.  

1.  My is . It is   
2.  My are . They are   
3.   
4.  

 ##  Guess what it is  

### Choose something from your classroom and write the name on a piece of paper.  

### Go to the front of the classroom. The other students ask questions about what it is.  

1.  A:  Where is it / are they? B:  It’s / They’re in / on / under / …   
2.  A:  What colour is it / are they? B:  It’s / They’re red / green / white / …   
3.  …  

### After three questions, the other students guess what you wrote.  

### Take turns to come to the front and play the guessing game.  

#  STARTER UNIT 3 Welcome!  

## Section A What is fun in a yard?  

### Look at the picture. Match the plants and animals with their names.  

baby chickens dog rabbits tomato plants flowers apple trees  

### Talk about the plants and animals in the picture in 1a.  

  ### Listen to the numbers and repeat.  

one two three four  five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty  

  ### Listen and write down the numbers you hear.  

1. 2. 3. 4.   
5. 6. 7. 8.  

### Listen to three conversations. Circle the correct answers.  

  Conversation 1  

What animal does Helen see in the yard?  

A. A goose. B. A duck.  

  Conversation 2  

What plants does Peter see in the yard?  

A. Potato plants. B. Tomato plants.  

  Conversation 3  

How many apple trees does Fu Xing’s grandpa have?  

A. Two. B. Ten.  

How many rabbits does Fu Xing’s grandpa have?  

A. Eight. B. Twelve.  

### Talk about the plants and animals in the picture in 1a.  

A:  What’s that?   
B:  It’s   
A:  What are those?   
B:  They’re   
A:  How many can you see?   
B:  I can see  

## PRONUNCIATION

  ### Listen and repeat. Pay attention to the sounds.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>a /ae/</td><td>e /e/</td><td>i /1/</td><td>0 /D/</td><td>u /A/</td></tr><tr><td>cat</td><td>bed</td><td>pig</td><td>hot</td><td>cup</td></tr><tr><td>map</td><td>pet</td><td>sing</td><td>dog</td><td>duck</td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Listen to the words. Put them into the correct groups.  

he ten name like these not big tube note joke box grape huge nine bus six black pen lunch that  

<html><body><table><tr><td colspan="2">a</td><td colspan="2">e</td><td colspan="2"></td><td colspan="2">。</td><td colspan="2">u</td></tr><tr><td>/e1/</td><td>/ae/</td><td>/i:/</td><td>/e/</td><td>/ai/</td><td>/1/</td><td>/9u/</td><td>/D/</td><td>/ju:/</td><td>/A/</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Practise reading the words.  

up dad Chinese dress five it coke late mute pot  

### Listen and read the chant aloud.  

Hey there, Big Cat.   
Let’s go to the lake.  

Come with me and Dog, And Fox and Frog!  

We will listen to music, And find flowers red and pink.  

We will sit in the sun, Tell jokes and have fun.  

 ## SECTION B What is fun on a farm?  

### Look at the picture. Tick the things you see.  

black and white cows   
a small lake   
black rabbits   
a red house  

$$
\begin{array} { l }  \boxed { \begin{array} { l } { \boxed { \begin{array} { r l } \end{array} } \mathrm { ~ b r o w n ~ d u c k s } } } \\ { \boxed { \begin{array} { r l } \end{array} } \mathrm { ~ w h i t e ~ h o r s e s } } \\ { \boxed { \begin{array} { r l } \end{array} } \mathrm { ~ w h i t e ~ s h e e p } } \\ { \boxed { \begin{array} { r l } \end{array} } \mathrm { ~ b i g ~ t r e e s } } \end{array} \end{array}
$$  

### Han Lin introduces his uncle’s farm to Peter. Read the text and circle the things he talks about in the picture in 1a.  

Look! This is my uncle’s farm. It’s a big farm. The grass is so green. You can see many kinds of animals. He has pigs, horses, cows, ducks, sheep, and chickens. How many ducks does my uncle have? Let me count. One, two, three, four, five, … fourteen ducks! Oh, no. Look there! Another duck is behind the big tree.  

Do you see that house? That’s my uncle’s home. It’s beautiful. Do you like my uncle’s farm?  

 ###  Read the text in 1b again and complete the sentences.  

1.	 What animals does Han Lin’s uncle have on his farm? He has , and  

2.	 How many ducks does his uncle have? He has ducks.  

3.	 What colour is his uncle’s house? It’s  

 ###  Answer more questions about the picture in 1a.  

1.	 What else can you see on the farm? Circle them.  

2.	 How many of them does Han Lin’s uncle have?  

3.	 What colour is it / are they?  

###  Write about the farm in 1a in your own words.

Han Lin’s uncle has a big farm. He has many kinds of animals. Look at the cows. They are black and white.Howmanycowsdoyouse ? se seven.Lo k at the They are How many do you see? I see  

Thisisa farm.  

  ## Design your own farm  

###  Imagine that you have a farm. What is it like? Talk about it with a partner.  

###  Draw a picture of your farm.  

 ###   Describe your farm to the class.  

This is my farm. Look! I have Do you like my farm?  

#  UNIT 1

   you and me

 ## In this unit, you will  

1.	 introduce yourself and others.   
2.	 talk about personal information with the simple   
present tense (be).   
3.	 make your own personal profile.   
4.	 explore how to make new friends.  

 ## Look and share  

1.	 Who are the people in the photo?   
2.	 Where are they?   
3.	 How do you think they feel?  

  ## SECTION A How do we get to know each other?  

###  Tick the expressions you know.  

Hello.   
Nice to meet you.   
How do you spell your name? Where are you from?  

Good morning. May I have your name? How old are you? What class are you in?  

###  Listen to two conversations and number the pictures in the order you hear them.  

###  Listen again and circle the coloured words you hear.  

1.	 Peter’s full name is Peter Brown / Green.   
2.	 Peter is from the UK / the US.   
3.	 Meimei is in Class 1 / 2, Grade 7 / 8.   
4.	 Ella’s last name is Smith / Miller.   
5.	 Ella is $1 2 / 1 3$ years old.  

  ###  Get to know more classmates. Try to remember their names.  

## PRONUNCIATION

  ###  Listen and repeat.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>/i:/</td><td>/1/</td><td>/e/</td><td>/ae/</td></tr><tr><td>eat</td><td>is</td><td>net</td><td>bad</td></tr><tr><td>feet</td><td>fit</td><td>men</td><td>man</td></tr><tr><td>sheep</td><td>list</td><td>head</td><td>hat</td></tr></table></body></html>  

###  Listen and circle the sentences you hear. Then repeat them.  

1.  A. $\mathbf { I } ^ { \prime } \mathbf { m } \mathbf { 1 } 2$ years old. B. I am 12 years old.   
2.  A. What’s your last name? B. What is your last name?   
3.  A. It’s Miller. B. It is Miller.   
4.  A. We’re in the same class. B. We are in the same class.  

###  Listen to the conversation and circle the coloured words you hear.  

Chen Jie:	 Hello, Mr Smith!   
Mr Smith:	Hello, Chen Jie. How are you?   
Chen Jie:	 I’m good / fine, thank you. Mr Smith, this is my new friend / classmate, Peter. Peter, this is our English teacher, Mr Smith. He’s from the US.  

Mr Smith:	 Hi, Peter. Nice to meet you.  

Peter: Nice to meet you too, Mr Smith.  

Mr Smith:	What / Which class are you in, Peter?  

Peter: I’m in Class 1.  

Mr Smith:	 Who’s your class teacher?  

Peter: Ms Hui.  

Chen Jie:	 Oh, Peter, it’s Ms Gao, not Ms Hui. Hui is her first name.  

Peter: Oh, sorry! / I’m sorry! My mistake.  

  ###  Read the conversation and answer the questions.  

1.	 Who is Mr Smith?  

A.  Chen Jie’s class teacher. B.  Chen Jie and Peter’s English teacher.  

2.	 What is the first name of Peter’s class teacher?  

A.  Hui. B.  Gao.  

2c  

  ###  Read the conversation and complete the table with the information about Mr Smith and Peter.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>MrSmith</td><td>Peter</td></tr><tr><td>Country:</td><td>Class:</td></tr><tr><td>Job:</td><td>Class teacher:</td></tr></table></body></html>  

###  Listen again and pay attention to the pronunciation of who’s, ${ \cal I } ^ { \prime } m ,$ , he’s, and it’s. Then role-play the conversation.  

who’s $\mathbf { \tau } = \mathbf { \tau }$ who is $\mathrm { I ^ { \prime } m } = \mathrm { I } \mathrm { a m }$ he’s $\mathbf { \tau } = \mathbf { \tau }$ he is it’s $\mathbf { \tau } = \mathbf { \tau }$ it is  

###  Complete the table with what you know about these students. Then ask and answer questions about them.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Student</td><td>Name</td><td>Age</td><td>Country</td><td>Class</td><td>Class teacher</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>13</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Song Meimei</td><td>12</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>the Us</td><td>2</td><td>Mr Lu</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>12</td><td></td><td>2</td><td>Mr Lu</td></tr></table></body></html>  

What’s his / her name? What class is he / she in? Where’s he / she from? Who’s his / her class teacher?  

How old is he / she?  

 ## Grammar Focus  

###  Read the sentences and circle the verbs. Then write am, is, or arenext to the personal pronouns.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Are you Peter?</td><td>Yes,l am./ No, I'm not.</td></tr><tr><td>Are Meimei and Peter in the same class?</td><td>Yes, they are./No, they aren't.</td></tr><tr><td>WhereisMrSmithfrom?</td><td>He's from the US.</td></tr><tr><td>What class are you in?</td><td>I'm in Class 1, Grade 7.</td></tr><tr><td>Who'syourclass teacher?</td><td>It's Ms Gao.</td></tr></table></body></html>  

You He / She / It We / They  

  ###  Circle the correct words to complete the sentences.  

1.	 Emma and Ella is / are twins. They are / is from the US.   
2.	 I am / are 12 years old. Peter am / is 12 years old too.   
3.	 Lin Hai’s favourite colour is / are green.   
4.	 Lisa’s pet cat is / are very cute. She likes it very much.   
5.	 Tom and I am / are both in the school band.  

  ###  Complete the passage with am, is, or are.  

Hello! I Liu Yu. I 13 years old. I from Chengdu, China. My favourite animal the panda. I like hot pot very much. This is my new classmate. Her name is Sally Wood. She also 13 years old. She from Sydney, Australia. Now she lives in Chengdu with her parents. She likes Chinese food a lot. Her favourite food Mapo tofu. Sally and I good friends.  

  ###  Introduce one of your new friends to a partner.  

my he his she .. ... . her  

Hello! I’m … This is my new friend. His / Her name is … He’s / She’s from … His / Her favourite … is …  

  ## SECTION B What do we need to know about a new friend?  

###  Look at two students’ photo boards. Label the photos with the words in the box. What can you learn about the two students?  

parrot  Beijing roast duck  the UK  Singapore  guitar  the Great Wall  tennis  

###  Read the two students’ posts. Match the students with their photo boards. Pauline: Peter:  

  ? →X  

  Making new friends  

All My page  

Pauline Lee  

2 hours ago  

Hi, I’m Pauline Lee, and $\mathsf { I } ^ { \prime } \mathsf { m } \mathtt { \Omega } ^ { \mathtt { 1 4 } }$ years old. I live in Singapore with my big family. I have a pet bird. It’s a parrot. Her name is Coco. She even speaks some Chinese! My favourite sport is tennis. I often play it with my friends after school. Do you want to be my friend?  

Peter Brown  

3  hours ago  

Hey there! My name is Peter Brown. $\mathsf { I } ^ { \prime } \mathsf { m } \ 1 3$ years old. I’m from London, in the UK. Now, I live in Beijing with my parents. My favourite food is Beijing roast duck, and my favourite place is the Great Wall. I like music, and I play the guitar in the school band. Would you like to be my friend?  

  ###  Read again and complete the table with the information from the posts.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Information</td><td>Pauline</td><td>Peter</td></tr><tr><td>Age</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Country</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Family</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Pet</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Favourite food</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Favourite place</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Hobby</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

###  Compare either Pauline or Peter with yourself.  

  ###  Write some sentences about yourself using the structures below.  

My name is   
I’m years old. I live in   
I love  

My favourite food is My favourite sport is My favourite place is  

  ###  Complete your reply to Pauline or Peter to make friends.  

  RE: Making new friends  

Hello, Pauline / Peter! My name is   
I’m years old. I live in   
I’d like to be your friend. I love too. My favourite is   
Please write to me.  

  ## #Make your own personal profile  

###  Answer the questions to introduce yourself.  

1.	 What is your name?  

2.	 How old are you?  

3.	 What is your favourite sport / food /…?  

4.	 What are your hobbies?  

###  Write your personal profile and put it together with your classmates’.   
Here is an example.  

  My Personal Profile  

My name is Andre Kalu. $\mathrm { I } ^ { \prime } \mathrm { m } \ 1 3$ years old. I’m from South Africa, but now I live in China. I live with my father, my mother, and my brother. We have a pet cat. His name is Toby. My favourite food is beef noodles. My favourite sport is basketball. I play basketball every weekend with my brother and my friends.  

###  Take turns to pick out one classmate’s profile. Introduce the person to the class, but do not say the name. The class will guess who he or she is.  

He’s 13 years old. His favourite sport is … He likes …  

Getting to know each other is the first step in making new friends.  

# UNIT  2

  We’re Family!  

 ## In this unit, you will  

  ## Look and share  

1.	 talk about your family with the simple present tense (do).   
2.	 identify ownership using -’s.   
3.	 describe family members in a photo.   
4.	 explore the meaning of being a family.  

1.	 What is the relationship of the people in the photo? 2.	 What do you think of the family? 3.	 Who are the people in your family?  

 ##  What is your family like?  

###  Match the definitions with members of the family.  

1.	 your mum’s or dad’s mother A.	 cousin   
2.	 your aunt and uncle’s child B.	 aunt   
3.	 your mum’s or dad’s sister C.	 uncle   
4.	 your grandmother’s husband D.	 grandmother   
5.	 your mum’s or dad’s brother E.	 grandfather  

 ###   Listen to two conversations and number the pictures in the order you hear them.  

 ###   Listen again and complete the sentences.  

1.	 Emma is Yaming’s   
2.	 Yaqi is Yaming’s   
3.	 Helen is Peter’s   
4.	 David is Peter’s   
5.	 Jim is Peter’s  

###  Bring a family photo to class and talk about the people in it.  

## PRONUNCIATION

 ###   Listen and repeat.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>/3:/</td><td>/2/</td><td>/A/</td><td>/a:/</td></tr><tr><td>her</td><td>sister</td><td>duck</td><td>dark</td></tr><tr><td>girl</td><td>summer</td><td>hut</td><td>march</td></tr><tr><td>turn</td><td>doctor</td><td>much</td><td>heart</td></tr></table></body></html>  

###    Listen and repeat.  

likes loves watches lets reads walks plays closes gets finds Mike’s Ella’s Alice’s Kate’s Fred’s  

  ###  Listen and repeat. Notice the stressed syllables.  

1. funny mother uncle cousin grandpa   
2. begin about report because idea  

  ###  Listen to the conversation and circle the coloured words you hear.  

Teng Fei:	 Hi, Peter! Come in. / Welcome.  

Peter: Thanks. Oh, these ping-pong bats are nice. Whose are they?  

Teng Fei:	 Well, this is my ping-pong bat, and the black / red one is my grandpa’s.  

Peter: Do you often play ping-pong together?   
Teng Fei:	 Yes, we play every day / week. My grandpa loves sport.   
Peter: Whose fishing rods are those?   
Teng Fei:	 They’re my father’s. He spends a lot of / lots of time fishing.   
Peter: Hey, do you play the piano?   
Teng Fei:	 No, I don’t. It’s my mother’s piano. She can play it really / very well!  

  ###  Read the conversation and complete the table about Teng Fei’s family.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Family member</td><td>Thing</td><td>Activity</td></tr><tr><td>Teng Fei</td><td>ping-pong bat</td><td>play ping-pong</td></tr><tr><td>Grandpa</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Father</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Mother</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

###  Listen to the conversation again. Then role-play it.  

###  Use the photos to talk about Li Xin’s family.  

A:	 Whose erhuis this?   
B:	 It’s Li Xin’s erhu.   
A:	 Does she play the erhuwell? B:	 Yes, she does.   
A:   
often play basketball   
read a lot   
like Chinese chess   
play the erhu well   
like gardening   
love animals  

###  Bring some photos of things your family members have. In pairs, ask and answer questions about who owns each of them and what activities your family do.  

##  Grammar Focus  

  ###  Read the sentences. How do the verb forms change with the subjects?  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Teng Fei and his grandpa play ping-pong everyweek.</td><td>Teng Fei's grandpa lovessport.</td></tr><tr><td>They have some nice ping-pong bats.</td><td>TengFei's father hasa fishing rod.</td></tr><tr><td>Do you play the piano?</td><td>Yes,I do./No,I don't.</td></tr><tr><td>Does your father spend a lot of time fishing?</td><td>Yes,he does./No,he doesn't</td></tr><tr><td>Whose piano is this?</td><td>It's my mother's.</td></tr></table></body></html>  

3b  

  ###  Complete the sentences with the correct possessive form (’s) of the words in brackets.  

1.	 This is (Kate) cat. It likes fish very much.  

2.	 This is (Peter and Emma) classroom. They love their big and clean classroom.  

3.	 These are my little (brothers) balls. They play with them in the playground every day.  

4.	 A:	 Whose caps are these? B:	 They’re my (grandparents). They like wearing caps.  

5.	 A:	 Whose schoolbag is this? B:	 It’s (Teng Fei). He likes the colour blue.  

  ###  Complete the passage with the correct forms of the verbs in the box.  

be like look make play talk have  

I have a brother and a sister. My brother is tall, and he short hair. He is really funny, and he often us laugh. My sister very different. She is short, and she has long brown hair. She is a quiet girl. She really reading. I’m not tall or short. I don’t or read much. But I the violin really well. I also like playing tennis. We all different, but we have a lot of fun together.  

  ###  Ask and answer questions about each other’s family.  

$\cdot \cdot$ Do you have any sisters or brothers? Does your father play any sport? Does your mother like music?  

 ## What do you like about your family?  

###  Tell each other more about your family.  

1.	 How many people are there in your family?   
2.	 Who are they and what are they like?   
3.	 What do they each like?   
4.	 What is fun about your family?  

###  Read the text and label the people in the photo.  

Hi, I’m Lily from Ireland. I love my big family. Here’s a photo of us. I’m the one with the pink hat.  

This is my dad, Fred, on the left. He’s very handsome. He often plays tennis with me. My little brother, Sam, is on his knee. Sam is seven, and he really likes chess. My mum, Jane, is on the right. She’s beautiful and kind. She always reads me a story at night. My grandparents, Jack and Sarah, are in the middle. They’re my dad’s parents. They have a dog. His name is Oscar.  

My grandparents have three grandchildren: Sam, my cousin Lucy, and me. They often say I’m their favourite grandchild, but I think they say the same thing to all of us!  

 ###   Read again. Circle T for true or F for false.  

1.	 Fred is Jack and Sarah’s son. T F   
2.	 Lily’s father likes tennis. T F   
3.	 Oscar is Lily’s pet dog. T F   
4.	 Lily is Lucy’s cousin. T F   
5.	 Lily thinks she is her grandparents’ favourite grandchild. T F  

###  Take turns to describe the photo in 1b.  

A:  	This is Lily’s father. His name is Fred. He’s handsome, and he often plays tennis.   
B:  	And this is her mother. …  

  2a  

###  Complete the introduction with the information about Hu Xiao’s family.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Dad</td><td>Mum</td><td>Hu Xiao</td><td>Hu Rui</td></tr><tr><td>handsome</td><td>beautiful</td><td> tall</td><td>big eyes</td></tr><tr><td>funny</td><td> kind</td><td>always happy</td><td>clever</td></tr><tr><td>play football</td><td> go hiking</td><td>love animals</td><td>like reading</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

I’m Hu Xiao. This is my family photo. Here’s my dad. He’s and funny. My dad’s favourite sport is . He plays it every week. Next to him is my mum. She’s beautiful and . She likes to go hiking. The tall girl is me. I’m always happy, and I love This is my little brother, Hu Rui. He has . He’s very clever, and he likes a lot. We love and help each other.  

  2b  

  ###  List some key words to describe each of your family members. Then introduce them with a family photo.  

This is … He / She really likes … Here’s … He / She looks … He’s / She’s … He / She plays … every week. His / Her favourite … is  

  ## Make your own family tree  

###  Make a family tree like the one below. Ten stick the photos of your family members on it.  

### Write about your family members.

age appearance personality hobby  

This is my mother. She’s 42. She’s beautiful and has long hair. She’s a bit quiet but very smart. She likes watching films. …  

### Introduce your family to the class with your family tree.  

Family is where life begins and love never ends.  

# UNIT 3

 ## In this unit, you will  

1.	 talk about places in school.   
2.	 describe locations using therebestructure and prepositions   
of position.   
3.	 introduce and talk about your school.   
4.	 describe the places you like in your school and explain why.  

  ## Look and share  

1.	 What is this place in the photo? 2.	 What are the people doing on the sports field? 3.	 What do you like to do at school?  

##  What is your school like?  

### Look at the picture. Talk about the positions of the places with the words in the box.  

A:  Where’s the dining hall? B:  It’s in front of the art building.  

in front of behind next to between across from  

### Listen to three conversations. Number the places in the order you hear them.  

student centre a classroom Ms Gao’s office  

###   Listen again and complete the sentences.  

1. is behind the sports field.   
2. is across from the school hall.   
3. is between the library and the gym.  

  ### Talk about the places in the picture in 1a.  

 ###  Listen and repeat.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>/0:/</td><td>/D/</td><td>/u:/</td><td>//</td></tr><tr><td>sport</td><td>fox</td><td>food</td><td>look</td></tr><tr><td>short</td><td>shot</td><td>school</td><td>good</td></tr><tr><td>fork</td><td>clock</td><td>rule</td><td>full</td></tr></table></body></html>  

 ###  Listen and repeat. Notice the stressed syllables.  

1. library interesting family beautiful favourite   
2. computer another important together amazing  

 ###  Listen to the conversation and fill in the blanks.  

Mum:	 What’s your new classroom like, Peter?  

Peter:	 It’s large. There are 40 student desks in the room. And a teacher’s desk the blackboard.  

Mum:	 Where do you sit?  

Peter:	 I sit the classroom.  

Mum:	 That’s nice. What’s special in your classroom?  

Peter:	 There’s a smart whiteboard the blackboard. Oh, and there’s another blackboard the classroom.  

Mum:	 Another blackboard?  

Peter:	 Yes, we put up important notices there.  

Mum:	 Are there any lockers in the classroom?  

Peter:	 No, there aren’t. We put our things in the desk drawers.  

 ###  Read the conversation. Match the questions with the answers.  

1.	 What’s Peter’s classroom like? A.	 Yes, there is.   
2.	 Where’s the teacher’s desk? B.	 No, there aren’t.   
3.	 Is there a smart whiteboard in the classroom?	 C.	 It’s very big.   
4.	 Are there any lockers in the classroom? D.	 It’s in front of the blackboard.  

### Read again. Circle T for true or F for false.  

1.	 There are 41 desks in Peter’s classroom. T F   
2.	 Peter sits at the back of the classroom. T F   
3.	 There are two blackboards in the classroom. T F   
4.	 Students put important notices on the smart whiteboard. T F  

### Listen to the conversation again. Then role-play it.  

  ### List the things in Peter’s classroom and your classroom.  

blackboard smart whiteboard desks chairs clock notices map computer plants lockers reading corner  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Peter'sclassroom</td><td>My classroom</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Work in pairs. Compare Peter’s classroom with yours.  

A:	 There are two blackboards in Peter’s classroom and our classroom. B:	 In his classroom, the smart whiteboard is next to the blackboard. In our classroom, …  

 ## Grammar Focus  

### Read the sentences. Underline the verbs in therebestructure and circle the prepositions of position.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Where is the library? Whereare thebookcases?</td><td>It isbehind the classroom building. They are next to the window.</td></tr><tr><td>Istherea whiteboard in your classroom? Are thereany lockers?</td><td>Yes, there is./No, there isn't. Yes, thereare./No,there aren't.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">There isa teachers'building across from the school hall. There is a student centre between the library and the gym. There are some trees in front of the sports field.</td></tr></table></body></html>  

###   Complete the sentences below.  

1.	 A:  Where the lockers? B: next to the reading corner.  

2.	 There a nice library behind the classroom building.  

3.	 A: there a gym in this school? B:  Yes, there across from the dining hall.  

4.	 A: there any flowers in front of the classroom building? B:  No, there . But there some trees.  

5.	 A:  Where the school hall? B: between the classroom building and the science building.  

6.	 There some pictures of famous people on the wall.  

 ###  Circle the correct prepositions to complete the description of the classroom in the photo.  

This is a classroom in the UK. There are many things in the room. There’s a screen in front of / on the wall. A whiteboard is next to / between the screen. There are some bookcases across from / behind the whiteboard. The teacher’s desk is in the corner, under / in front of a window. Students sit between / on chairs at long tables, but today there aren’t any students.  

### Talk about how your classroom is different from the classroom in 3c.  

A:  In our classroom, there are some plants next to the teacher’s desk. B:  And there’s a blackboard in our classroom.   
A:  …  

##  What fun things do you do at school?  

### List your favourite places in your school. Then share with a partner.  

### Skim Peter’s reply to Flora’s email. Choose the question Flora probably asked in her last email.  

A.	What’s your new school like?   
B.	Where’s your new school?   
C.	How is your new school different from your old one?  

  EMAIL  

<html><body><table><tr><td></td><td>To:flora4ever@magictime.com</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>From:peterbrown@happymail.com</td></tr></table></body></html>  

Hi Flora,  

Thanks for your email. To answer your question, my new school is great! It’s very beautiful. There are many modern buildings.  

There’s a large sports field next to the teachers’ building. All the students go there and do exercises together in the morning. It’s amazing! Every Monday we raise the flag there. It’s a special way to start the week.  

The classroom building is behind the sports field. We spend most of the time in our classroom. It’s big and clean. Every week, we change seats. This week I sit next to my best friend, Han Lin.  

The dining hall is across from the sports field. It’s my favourite place because there are many kinds of food. I love the Chinese food there. They make delicious jiaozi.  

How about your school?  

Yours, Peter  

  ### Read again. What do these words describe?  

1.	 beautiful:   
2.	 modern:   
3.	 large:   
4.	 big and clean:   
5.	 delicious:  

  ### 1d Discuss the questions.  

1.	 What do students in Peter’s school do on the sports field?   
2.	 Where does Peter sit this week?   
3.	 Why is the dining hall Peter’s favourite place at school?   
4.	 How is Peter’s school similar to yours?  

### Think about places in your school. Complete the notes.  

1.	 Places in my school:   
2.	 My favourite place:   
3.	 Where it is:   
4.	 Why I like it:   
5.	 What I like to do there:  

### Imagine a friend from another country has sent you an email about his or her school. Write a reply about your school.  

  EMAIL  

To: From:  

Dear  

Thank you for your email. Your school sounds fun! I’d like to tell you   
about my school. There are many interesting places here. They’re , and . My favourite   
place is . It’s . I love it because it’s . I like to there.  

Bye for now,  

##  Let me show you around!  

### Imagine that a group of students are coming to visit your school. Draw a map of your school and plan a tour for them.  

### Work in groups and practise giving the tour. Take turns to introduce each place.  

This is …   
There is / are …   
The big building behind it is …   
This is an interesting place because …   
The next place on our tour is …  

Hello and welcome to our school! My name is …, and I’m your guide today. Let’s begin the tour. This is our classroom building. It’s really big. We spend most of our time here. Look, there is/are …  

### Give the tour to your class using your map. Vote for the best tour guide.  

A school is a place to start our dreams.  

# UNIT 4

 My Favourite Subject  

##  In this unit, you will  

1.	 talk about school subjects.   
2.	 name your favourite subject and explain why.   
3.	 use conjunctions and, but, and becauseto join information together.   
4.	 discover the importance of learning different school subjects.  

  ## Look and share  

1.	 What class are the students having in the photo? 2.	 What do you think of this subject? 3.	 What is your favourite subject?  

  ## Why do you like this subject?  

### Match the school subjects in the box with the pictures. Some subjects are extra.  

art biology Chinese IT English geography history maths music PE  

###   Listen to two conversations. Tick the subjects Ella and Peter talk about.  

Ella history maths art music geography  

  ### Listen again. Circle the coloured words you hear.  

1.	 Ella doesn’t like history / geography because it’s hard / boring.   
2.	 Ella’s favourite subject is art / maths because it’s fun / important.   
3.  Peter doesn’t like maths / IT because it’s boring / difficult.   
4.  Peter’s favourite subject is Chinese / PE because it’s useful / exciting.  

###   Talk about your favourite subject at school. Say why you like it.  

###   Listen and repeat.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>/ei/</td><td>/ai/</td><td>/51/</td><td>/əu/</td><td>/au/</td><td>/12/</td><td>/eə/</td><td>/u/</td></tr><tr><td>name</td><td>nice</td><td>boy</td><td>note</td><td>now</td><td>ear</td><td>hair</td><td>sure</td></tr><tr><td>face</td><td>why</td><td>toy</td><td>road</td><td>mouth</td><td>near</td><td>wear</td><td>tour</td></tr><tr><td>day</td><td>China</td><td>point</td><td>sofa</td><td>about</td><td>here</td><td>share</td><td>poor</td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Read, listen, and repeat. Notice how the words link together.  

Wake up! Wake up! I don’t want to get up. It’s time to get up. Get up! You’re going to be late. What time is it? Late for what? I don’t want to get up. Late for school. Come on! Get up! But it is Sunday, Mum!  

### Listen to the conversation and fill in the blanks.  

Binbin:	 What’s your next class?  

Emma: History. It’s my favourite subject.  

Binbin: Why do you like it?  

Emma: It’s to learn about the past.  

Binbin:	 What’s your favourite subject, Meimei?  

Meimei:	 My favourite subject is English. It’s , and my English teacher is really nice. How about you, Binbin?  

Binbin:	 I like all the subjects, but my favourite is maths.  

Meimei:	 Why? Binbin: Because I’m good with numbers.  

Emma: Oh, it’s for me. Can you help me with this subject?  

Binbin: Sure!  

Meimei:	 Hey, look at the time. Let’s go to class!  

  ### Read the conversation and complete the table.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Name</td><td>Favourite subject</td><td>Reason</td></tr><tr><td>Emma</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Meimei</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Binbin</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Listen to the conversation again and pay attention to the words that link together. Then role-play the conversation.  

### What do you think of your school subjects? Put them in different groups.  

 ###  Interview two classmates and take notes.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Question</td><td>Classmate 1:</td><td>Classmate 2:</td></tr><tr><td>1. What's your favourite subject?</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2. Why do you like it?</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>3.What other subjects do you like?</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Give a report on the interview. Use your notes in 2e.  

…’s favourite subject is … He / She likes it because it’s … He / She also likes …  

 ## Grammar Focus  

### Read the sentences. Find out when to useand,but, andbecause. Then complete the statements withand,but, orbecause.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Ihave artand geography today. English is important, and my English teacher is really nice.</td></tr><tr><td>Biology is difficult but important. History ismy favourite subject,but my sister doesn't like it.</td></tr><tr><td>Ilike Chinesebecause it's fun. He doesn't like maths because it's boring to him.</td></tr></table></body></html>  

1.  We use  “ ”  to give a reason.   
2.  We use  “ ”  to give another idea.   
3.  We use  “ ”  to give two different ideas.  

  ### Match the two parts to make sentences.  

1.	 I have a bicycle,   
2.	 I like to learn about IT   
3.	 She likes to listen to music   
4.	 He is good at English,   
5.	 My favourite subject is geography   
6.	 I don’t like drawing,  

A.	 and he often helps me with my English.   
B.	 because I like travelling.   
C.	 but I like my art teacher a lot.   
D.	 and draw pictures.   
E.	 but I often walk to school.   
F.	 because it’s fun to learn to use computers.  

 ###  Complete the passage with and, but, or because.  

I love Thursday afternoons we have a fun class then. It’s biology class, it’s exciting! Miss Baker is the teacher, she works hard to make the class interesting. I’m not good at science, I like the class very much. We learn about different plants animals. Sometimes it’s difficult to remember all the information, Miss Baker helps me. She’s my favourite teacher she makes everyone in the class feel special.  

  ### Do a survey in class using the questions below.  

$\bullet$ Which is your favourite school day? $0$ What subjects do you have that day? $0$ What subjects on that day do you like and why? $\cdot$ Who likes the same subjects as you and why?  

  ## What can you learn from different subjects?  

### What’s your class timetable today? Write down the subjects.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Class (AM)</td><td>1</td><td>2</td><td>3</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Subject</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Class (PM)</td><td>5</td><td>6</td><td>7</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Subject</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Read the message board about the students’ favourite subjects. Underline all the school subjects each student has.  

Mike Davis @musicfan  

7:09 PM   19 October  

I’m a student in Canada. I’m very busy this year. I study maths, music, French, history, English, IT, science, and have gym. My favourite subject is music because the class is fun and we learn a lot of new songs. Music always makes me happy. My music teacher is excellent. He lets us play all kinds of interesting instruments. I want to be a singer in the future. How about you? What do you study? What’s your favourite class and why?  

Wu Binbin @mathswhiz  

8:12 PM   19 October  

I’m from China. This term, I have subjects like Chinese, history, maths, English, PE, and IT. I like all the subjects, but my favourite is maths. I like it because I’m good with numbers. We learn how to work out maths problems in class. It feels like magic and is really fun. Maths is very useful in our life, and I want to be a scientist in the future.  

  ### Read again and complete the table.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Name</td><td>Favourite subject</td><td>Reason</td></tr><tr><td>Mike Davis</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Wu Binbin</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

1d  

  ### Read again and answer the questions.  

1.	 What subjects do Mike and Binbin both have?   
2.	 How does Mike feel about music?   
3.	 What does Binbin learn in his maths class?   
4.	 Do you like music or maths? Why?  

 ###  Complete the mind map with your own information.  

### Write a message using your information and post it on the board.  

I’m from . This  term, I have , and . I like , but my favourite subject is   
I like it because . In the class,  

  Q O  

  ## Design a weekly class timetable  

### Talk about the subjects you learn every week. Say one thing you like about each subject.  

### Work in groups. Make your own weekly timetable with different subjects.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Class</td><td>Monday</td><td>Tuesday</td><td>Wednesday</td><td>Thursday</td><td>Friday</td></tr><tr><td>1</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>3</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>4</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="6">Lunchtime</td></tr><tr><td>5</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>6</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>7</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Introduce your group’s timetable to the class and explain your reasons.  

Interest is the best teacher.  

  # UNIT 5 Fun Clubs  

  ## In this unit, you will  

1.	 talk about clubs at school.   
2.	 talk about abilities using can.   
3.	 find out what people do in different clubs.   
4.	 discover your interests and talents.  

  ## Look and share  

1.	 What are the students in the photo doing? 2.	 What club do you think they are in? 3.	 Do you want to join this club?  

  ## How do you choose a school club?  

### Match the pictures with the clubs.  

art club science club drama club music club chess club ping-pong club  

### Listen to three conversations. Which club does each student want to join?  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Name</td><td>Club</td></tr><tr><td>Teng Fei</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Sam</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Lin Hua</td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

 ###  Listen again and complete the sentences with canor can’t.  

1.	 Teng Fei play ping-pong.  

2.	 Sam play Chinese chess.  

3.	 Lin Hua read with feeling.  

###   Role-play a conversation between a club leader and a student.  

 ###  Listen and repeat.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>/p/</td><td>/b/</td><td>/t/</td><td>/d/</td><td>/k/</td><td>/g/</td><td>/f/</td><td>/vl</td></tr><tr><td>park</td><td>bird</td><td>talk</td><td>day</td><td>kite</td><td>great</td><td>fine</td><td>very</td></tr><tr><td>cap</td><td>club</td><td>boat</td><td>band</td><td>cake</td><td>dog</td><td>safe</td><td>love</td></tr><tr><td>apple</td><td>rabbit</td><td>water</td><td>garden</td><td>black</td><td>tiger</td><td>office</td><td>every</td></tr></table></body></html>  

 ###  Listen and repeat. Notice how the letters in brackets are pronounced.  

1.	 a ${ \bf b l a } ( \mathrm { c k } )$ cat an ol(d) kite a bla(ck)board si(t) down   
2.	 Wha(t) club do you wan(t) to join?   
3.	 Here’s some goo(d) news!   
4.	 Our school wants to start a musi(c) club.  

###   Listen to the conversation and fill in the blanks.  

Teng Fei:	 Hi there! What club do you want to join? Peter:  

Teng Fei:	 Here’s some good news! Our school wants to start a music club. Do you want to join?  

Peter: Sure. I can play the guitar. , Emma?  

Emma: , but I can’t play any musical instruments.  

Peter: Oh, but you can sing well.  

Teng Fei:	 Exactly! How about Ella? She can play the violin, right?  

Emma: Yes, she can.  

Peter: What instruments can you play, Teng Fei?  

Teng Fei:	 I can play the drums. Peter: ! Let’s go to the music room after school!  

###   Read the conversation and complete the table.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Name</td><td>Ability</td></tr><tr><td>Peter</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Emma</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ella</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Teng Fei</td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Listen to the conversation again and pay attention to the letters that are silent. Then role-play the conversation.  

### Circle canor can’twith your own information. Then tick the club(s) you want to join. You can add more.  

  Join a club!  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Ability</td><td>Club</td></tr><tr><td>I(can /can't) playa musical instrument.</td><td>the music club</td></tr><tr><td>I (can /can't) run fast.</td><td>the sportsclub</td></tr><tr><td>I (can/can't) play chess.</td><td>the chess club</td></tr><tr><td>I (can /can't) paint well.</td><td>the art club</td></tr><tr><td>I(can /can't) dance well.</td><td>the dance club</td></tr><tr><td>I (can /can't) read with feeling.</td><td>the drama club</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Discuss what clubs you want to join.  

A:	  What club do you want to join?   
B:	  I want to join the sports club.   
A:	  Can you …?   
B:	  Yes, I can. / No, I can’t. How about you? A:	  I …  

##  Grammar Focus  

### Look at the verbs in bold. Do they change form?  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Can you play ping-pong?</td><td>Yes,I can./ No, l can't.</td></tr><tr><td>Can he play the violin?</td><td>Yes,he can./ No, he can't.</td></tr><tr><td>Can they play chess?</td><td>Yes, they can./ No, they can't.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">l canrunfast,butlcan'tswim.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Emma can sing wel,but she can't play any musical instruments.</td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Match the two parts to make sentences. Then make more sentences with can.  

1. A fish A. can speak.   
2. A duck B. can fly.   
3. A parrot C. can swim.   
4. A dog D. can run fast.   
5. A cat E. can climb trees.  

 ###  Complete the passage with the words in the box.  

is likes to play can play can speak can’t speak can even make  

My best friend is Linda. She good at so many things! She English, French, and some Chinese. I French, but I’d like to learn. Linda the guitar and the violin too. I like to watch her play. And she can do so much more. She ping-pong and tennis. She delicious cakes! Everyone in our class likes her.  

### Interview your classmates and tick what he or she can do. Then give a report.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Ability</td><td>Student 1:</td><td>Student 2:</td></tr><tr><td>playa musical instrument</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>swim</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>cook</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

##  What can you learn in a school club?  

### Read the comments from some students and discuss what clubs they should join.  

Alice: I’m good at telling stories. I often act out stories with my brother at home.  

Lin Hui:	 I’m interested in nature. I love hiking, and I can read maps.   
Jack: I can’t cook, but I love great food. I want to cook for my family.  

### Read the ads. Choose a suitable club for each student in 1a and tell your reasons.  

  Cooking Club  

Do you love Chinese food? Can you cook? Join our cooking club! Let’s learn to cook your favourite Chinese food. Mapo tofu, beef noodles, jiaozi, baozi … You name it! You can soon cook for your family. Join us in Room 303 at $4 { : } 3 0 \mathsf { p } . \mathsf { m }$ . on Wednesdays.  

  Book Club  

Do you like reading? Join our book club! It’s more than reading. We act out stories, talk about books, and make new friends. Books can open your mind and make you think. Come to the library on Tuesdays after school and fall in love with books!  

Email Bill at billwhite@happymail.com for more information.  

  Nature Club  

Do you love nature? Can you take good photos? Come hiking with us every Sunday afternoon! We watch birds, take photos, and collect plants and insects. We also visit nature parks. Discover wildlife right under your nose!  

Email Jenny at jenny66@happymail.com for more information.  

### Read again and complete the table below.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Club</td><td>What to do</td><td>Where to meet/ go</td><td>When to meet</td><td>Who to write to</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

 ###  Discuss the questions.  

1.	 What food can you cook? What other food do you want to learn to cook?  

2.	 What can you learn from a book club?   
3.	 What do you want to do in a nature club?   
4.	 Which of the clubs do you want to join and why?   
5.	 Which club are you in at school? What do you do there?  

 ###  Complete the email with the words in the box.  

I love I’d love to I’m really interested in Can I I can I can’t  

Email  

To： billwhite@happymail.com  

From： xucong@student.com  

Dear Bill,  

your club. reading all kinds of books. read fast, but find many good books to read. read more and share what I think with others. join your club?  

Best, Xu Cong  

  Send  

### Choose one club from 1b. Write an email to the organizer and say why you’d like to join the club.  

 ## Start your own club  

### Think of a club you would like to set up in your school.  

  Robotics Club  
Are you interested in robotics? We are looking for new members who can:  

Your poster should include:  

• work well with their hands • think up new ideas • work as a team  

The name of the club What club members can do Meeting time and place Contact information  

When: Tuesdays,12:30 p.m. Where: robotics lab Who to contact: ma.li8@happyschool.com  

### Make a poster to find new members.  

 Your poster should include:
● The name of the club
● What club members can do
● Meeting time and place
● Contact information

### Interview your classmates. Find new members for your club.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Name</td><td>Can</td><td>Can't</td><td>Can he/she join the club? (Yes √or No x)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

A:	 Can you work well with your hands?   
B:	 Yes, I can.   
A:	 Can you come at $1 2 { : } 3 0 \ \mathrm { p . m }$ . on Tuesdays? B:	 Yes, I can. / No, I can’t.  

Our interests make us interesting.  

# UNIT 6

 ## In this unit, you will  

1.	 tell the time in English.   
2.	 ask about daily routines using wha timeand when.   
3.	 learn about different people’s routines.   
4.	 explore how to make good use of time.  

  ## Look and share  

1.	 What do you see in the photo?   
2.	 How long do you study every day?   
3.	 What do you do every day?  

 ## How do you spend your school day?  

###   Match the clocks with the times.  

one forty-five / a quarter to two eight / eight o’clock  

six fifteen / a quarter past six four thirty / half past four  

###   Listen to the first conversation and tick Peter’s activities this morning.  

take a shower get dressed brush his teeth have breakfast at home  

###   Listen to the second conversation. Why are Peter and Han Lin at school early? Match the names with the reasons.  

1.	 Peter A.	 do some reading before class   
2.	 Han Lin B.	 on duty  

 ###  Listen to the two conversations again and fill in the blanks.  

1.	 Peter’s school begins at   
2.	 Peter usually gets up at   
3.	 Peter usually has breakfast at   
4. Peter usually takes a shower   
5.	 Han Lin usually takes a shower  

###   Talk about your school day routine in the morning.  

###   Listen and repeat.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>/s/</td><td>/z/</td><td>/S/</td><td>/3/</td><td>/tf/</td><td>/d3/</td><td>/0/</td><td>/0/</td></tr><tr><td>sad</td><td>ZO0</td><td>sheep</td><td>usually</td><td>chair</td><td>Jane</td><td>three</td><td>that</td></tr><tr><td>this</td><td>those</td><td>fish</td><td>television</td><td>watch</td><td>orange</td><td>tooth</td><td>then</td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Listen to the beginning part of the conversation in 2a and repeat. Notice the stressed words. Then mark other stressed words in the conversation in 2a.  

Lu Jiaqi:	 Hi! I’m Lu Jiaqi, a school reporter. What’s your name?  

Tom: Tom.  

Lu Jiaqi:	 So Tom, what time do you usually get up?  

Tom: At a quarter to seven.  

###   Listen to the conversation and fill in the blanks.  

Lu Jiaqi:	 Hi! I’m Lu Jiaqi, a school reporter. What’s your name?  

Tom: Tom.  

Lu Jiaqi:	 So Tom, what time do you usually get up?  

Tom: At 6:45.  

Lu Jiaqi:	 And then?  

Tom: I have breakfast at about Then I go to school at 7:50.  

Lu Jiaqi:	 When do you go home?  

Tom: Around  

Lu Jiaqi:	 What do you do after that?  

Tom: Sometimes I play basketball. I have dinner at . Then I do my homework.  

Lu Jiaqi:	 When do you usually go to bed?  

Tom: At  

Lu Jiaqi:	 That’s early!  

Tom: Well, you know the saying, “Early to bed, early to rise!”  

We usually use whattime to ask about specific times. But we use when for both specific times and any time period.  

  ### Read the conversation and answer the questions.  

1.	 What does Lu Jiaqi ask Tom about?   
2.	 How long does Tom stay at school?   
3.	 Why does Tom go to bed early?  

2c  

### Read again and complete Tom’s school day timetable.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Time</td><td>Tom's activity</td></tr><tr><td>6:45 a.m.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>have breakfast</td></tr><tr><td>7:50 a.m.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>go home</td></tr><tr><td>before dinner</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>have dinner</td></tr><tr><td>after dinner</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>go to bed</td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Listen to the conversation again and pay attention to the stressed words.   
Then role-play the conversation.  

### Ask a partner about his or her school day routine. Then give a report.  

get up have breakfast go to school have class play sport have lunch​ go home​ do homework brush teeth have dinner ​take a shower go to bed  

A:	 What time do you get up on a school day?   
B:	 I get up at …   
A:	 When do you …?   
B:	 I …  

This is …’s school day routine. He / She gets up at …  

##  Grammar Focus  

 ###  Complete the questions with what, whattime, or when.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>do you usually get up?</td><td>I usually get up at 6:30 a.m.</td></tr><tr><td>does Tom usually go to bed?</td><td>He usually goes to bed at 9:30 p.m.</td></tr><tr><td>do they go to the music club?</td><td>They go on Monday afternoons.</td></tr><tr><td>do you do after dinner?</td><td>Sometimes I read books or do my homework.</td></tr><tr><td>does Peter do before breakfast?</td><td>He brushes his teeth and takes a shower.</td></tr></table></body></html>  

  ### Answer the questions with the times in brackets.  

1.	 What time does Mike usually get to school? (at 7:30 a.m.)   
2.	 What time do they have lunch? (at 12:10 in the afternoon)   
3.	 When is your maths class? (at $1 { : } 4 5 \ \mathrm { p . m . }$ .)   
4.	 When does Lisa do her homework? (after dinner)   
5.	 When does David play basketball? (on Thursdays)  

 ###  Complete the passage with the correct forms of the verbs in brackets.  

On Saturdays, Sam sometimes (get) up at 9:00. He   
(make) breakfast for his family and then (do) his homework.   
Around 2:00 in the afternoon, he (meet) his friends, and they (play) football together. At about 6:30, he sometimes   
$\left( { \bf g o } \right)$ to a restaurant with his family for dinner. On Sunday mornings, Sam often (help) his mother with housework. Sometimes he   
(watch) a film in the afternoon. After dinner, he usually (play)   
the guitar for a while. He $\left( { \bf g o } \right)$ to bed at about 10:00.  

3d  

  ### Ask a partner about his or her weekend routine.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Weekend activity</td><td>Time</td></tr><tr><td>get up</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>have breakfast</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

A:	 What time do you usually get up at weekends?   
B:	 I usually get up at …   
A:	 When do you …?   
B:  

##  How different are people’s daily routines?  

### Look at the photos below. Guess which part of the world the boy is from. What do you want to know about him?  

### Read the text and choose a suitable title for it.  

A.	Timo’s School B. One of Timo’s School Days C. Timo’s Hobbies  

My name is Timo Halla. I’m 13 years old. I live with my parents in Helsinki, Finland. Now it’s December. Every Tuesday, I usually get up at 7:40. I often listen to the news or music. After breakfast, I walk to school. It’s only a 10-minute walk.  My school begins at 9:00. There are 18 students in my class. Each lesson is 45 minutes long, and there’s a break between lessons. I have one Finnish lesson and two home economics lessons in the  

morning. After that,  

I have lunch at 12:00. The afternoon lessons begin at 12:30 and finish at 2:15. Then I go to my ice hockey club.  

I usually get home around 4:00. It’s already dark outside. I often have dinner at 6:00. After that, I read with my parents for an hour. That’s an important part of my everyday life. Then I prepare my schoolbag for the next day. At 9:30, it’s time for me to go to bed.  

1c  

 ###  Read again and complete the timetable with Timo’s activities.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Time</td><td>Timo's activity</td></tr><tr><td>7:40 a.m.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>9:00 a.m.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>12:00 p.m.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>12:30 p.m.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>2:15 p.m.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>after school</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>4:00 p.m.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>6:00 p.m.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>after dinner</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>9:30 p.m.</td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

1d  

 ###  Read again and answer the questions.  

1.	 What lessons does Timo have every Tuesday morning?   
2.	 How long is each lesson at his school?   
3.	 What club does Timo go to?   
4.	 How does he make good use of his time?  

2a  

###   Complete the timetable about one of your school days. How different is your school day from Timo’s?  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Time</td><td>My activity</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

  2b  

 ###  Use the information in 2a to write about your day.  

My name is . I’m years old. I live  

Every , I usually get up at . Then  

My school begins at . I have in the morning.  

After that, . In the afternoon,  

I usually get home around . Then . At , it’s time for me to  

 ## Interview people about their daily routines  

### Choose a profession that you want to know more about.  

### Ask a person who works in that profession questions to find out his or her workday routine. Complete the table below.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Question</td><td>'s routine</td></tr><tr><td>What time do you usually get up?</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>When do you have breakfast?</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>When do you go to work?</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>When do you have lunch?</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>What time do you get off work?</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>What time do you have dinner?</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>When do you exercise/study / relax?</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>When do you go to bed?</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

 ###  Give a report in class.  

My uncle is a farmer in a small village. Every day, he gets up at ...  

To plan time is to save time.  

  # UNIT 7 Happy Birthday!  

  ## In this unit, you will  

1.	 talk about people’s birthdays.   
2.	 express dates in English.   
3.	 learn to use English expressions for shopping.   
4.	 explore how and why people celebrate birthdays.  

  ## Look and share  

1.	 What are the people doing in the photo?   
2.	 Whose birthday is it?   
3.	 How do you celebrate your birthday?  

  ## How do we celebrate birthdays?  

### Listen and repeat. Then circle the month and day of your birthday.  

  Months:  

January February March April May June July August September October November December  

  Days:  

1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th 6th 7th 8th 9th 10th   
11th 12th 13th 14th 15th 16th 17th 18th 19th 20th   
21st 22nd 23rd 24th 25th 26th 27th 28th 29th 30th   
31st  

### Listen to three conversations. Match the people with their birthdays.  

1.	 Helen A.	 12th June   
2.	 Fu Xing B.	 3rd December   
3.	 Teng Fei’s father C.	 22nd August   
4.	 Ms Gao D.	 9th January  

  Ways to tell dates  

British English: 2nd August / 2 August American English: August 2nd / August 2  

### Listen again and answer the questions.  

1.	 How old is Helen?   
2.	 What birthday gift can Teng Fei give his father?   
3.	 What does Peter want to do for Ms Gao’s birthday?  

### Find out your group members’ ages and birthdays. Then line up from the youngest to the oldest.  

 ###  Listen and repeat.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>/h/</td><td>/r/</td><td>//</td><td>/m/</td><td>/n/</td><td>/n/</td><td>/w/</td><td>/j/</td></tr><tr><td>how</td><td>right</td><td>let</td><td>May</td><td>ninth</td><td>thing</td><td>week</td><td>yes</td></tr><tr><td>house</td><td>read</td><td>help</td><td>climb</td><td>hundred</td><td>wing</td><td>sweet</td><td>year</td></tr><tr><td>who</td><td>price</td><td>will</td><td>swim</td><td>win</td><td>tank</td><td>when</td><td>yogurt</td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Listen to the humorous conversation. Notice the intonation in each sentence.   
Then repeat the conversation. A:	 Can I ask you some  questions? B:	  Sure. Go  ahead.   
A:	 When is your  birthday? B:	 On 23rd  July.   
A:	 Which  year? B:	 Every  year.   
A:	 What do you always get on your  birthday? B:	 One year  older.  

  ### Listen to the two parts of the conversation and fill in the blanks.  

Teng Fei: Hi, Peter! It’s Ella and Emma’s birthday soon. How about a surprise party for them?   
Peter: ! Let’s go and buy something for the party. [At the shop.]   
Woman: Good morning. Can I help you?   
Teng Fei: . How much is this birthday cake?   
Woman: We have a sale today. It’s 85 yuan, and it comes with some candles.   
Peter: Good, we’ll take it. How much are those oranges?   
Woman: Six yuan a kilo. How many kilos do you want?   
Peter: Five kilos, please. Teng Fei, how about some yogurt?   
Teng Fei: . How much is the yogurt?   
Woman: Five yuan a bottle.   
Teng Fei: 10 bottles, please. What’s the total?   
Woman: 165 yuan.   
Teng Fei:   
Woman: Thank you! Have a nice day!   
Teng Fei & Peter:	Thanks. You too.  

###   Read the conversation and complete the table.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Thing</td><td>Price</td><td>Number</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Total: yuan</td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Listen to the conversation again and pay attention to the intonation. Then role-play the conversation.  

### What else would you like to buy for a birthday party? Put the things in the box into different groups on the shopping list. You can add more.  

eggs noodles balloons juice apples milk chocolate pizza candles candies  

<html><body><table><tr><td colspan="4">Shopping List</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="10">Food</td><td></td><td rowspan="5">Drinks</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan="5">Other things</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Practise buying the things on the shopping list for a birthday party.  

A:	 Can I help you? B:	 Yes, please.  How much is / are …?  

##  Grammar Focus  

### Read the sentences. Circle the question words.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>When is your birthday?</td><td>It's on 2nd August.</td></tr><tr><td>How old are you?</td><td>I'm 12.</td></tr><tr><td>What do you want to do on her birthday?</td><td>I want to sing a song for her.</td></tr><tr><td>How much are those oranges?</td><td>Six yuan a kilo.</td></tr><tr><td>How many kilos do you want?</td><td>I want five kilos.</td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Fill in the blanks with the question words in the box. Then match the questions with the answers.  

how many / much / old what when who where why  

1. is your mum’s birthday?   
2. balloons do you want?   
3. do you want for a birthday gift?   
4. is your father?   
5. are the birthday card and the doll?   
6. do you celebrate your birthday with?   
7. is Mrs Green from?   
8. do people eat birthday noodles?  

A:	 A new pair of shoes.   
B:	 With my parents.   
C:	 To wish for a long life.   
D:	 I want 10.   
E:	 She’s from Australia.   
F:	 It’s on 15th July.   
G:	 He’s 45 years old.   
H:	 55 yuan.  

  ### Read the passage and underline the dates of the special birthdays. Do you know any other special birthdays?  

We celebrate our own birthdays. We also celebrate the birthdays of our family and friends. Do you know of any other special birthdays? For example, we celebrate William Shakespeare’s birthday, 23rd April, as English Language Day. And we celebrate International Nurses Day on 12th May. It marks the birthday of Florence Nightingale, a famous nurse.  

### Talk about special days. You can add more.  

National Day   
CPC Founding Day PLA Day   
School Founding Day A:	 When is China’s National Day? B:	 It’s on ...   
A:	 What do you do that day?   
B:	 ...  

##  How do you make your birthday meaningful?  

### Tick the activities you do on your birthday.  

eat birthday noodles open birthday gifts make a wish  

take photos have a birthday cake hear the “Happy Birthday” song  

### Read the posts from an online forum. Choose the main idea of the posts.  

A.	How to celebrate birthdays B.	Who to celebrate birthdays with C.	Where to celebrate birthdays  

  Birthday Celebrations  

HOME   ABOUT   POSTS   CONTACT  

By: Yu Xiaoming on 08/06  5:07 PM  

 1  

My birthday is on 13th June. On that day, I always eat birthday noodles with eggs. Long noodles are a symbol of long life. Every year, my family and I take a photo together under the big tree in our village. I like taking photos because they help me remember fun times with my family. This year, I want to plant a small tree for my 14th birthday. I’d like to watch it grow with me. When is your birthday? How do you celebrate it?  

By: Judy Clark on 09/06  7:54 PM  

 2  

It’s a great idea to plant a tree for your birthday! My birthday is on 28th July. I usually have a party with my friends to celebrate. My mother always makes my favourite chocolate cake. Everyone sings the “Happy Birthday” song, and then I make a wish and blow out the candles. Next, we enjoy the cake, and I open all my gifts. My father marks my height on the door every year. It’s fun to look at the marks later. Next time, I also want to do something different. Any good ideas?  

  ### Read again and complete the table.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Name</td><td>Birthday</td><td>Activity</td></tr><tr><td>Yu Xiaoming</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Judy Clark</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

 ###  Read again and answer the questions.  

1.	 Why does Xiaoming eat birthday noodles on his birthday?   
2.	 Where do Xiaoming and his family take photos together every year?   
3.	 What does Judy like about Xiaoming’s 14th birthday?   
4.	 Why does Judy’s mother make a chocolate cake for her birthday?   
5.	 Can you give Judy some ideas about how to spend a meaningful birthday?  

 ###  Complete the mind map about how you celebrate your birthday.  

### Write a reply to the post in 1b to talk about your birthday.  

I think it’s a good idea to on your   
birthday. My birthday is on . I usually to celebrate it. I do this because . But this year, I want to  

##  Celebrate your birthdays together  

### Work in groups. Find out the birthdays in your group. Write the names and dates on the calendar.  

A:	 When is your birthday? B:	 It’s on …  

<html><body><table><tr><td>January</td><td>February</td><td>March</td><td>April</td><td>May</td><td>June</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>July</td><td>August</td><td>September</td><td>October</td><td>November</td><td>December</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Find out whose birthdays are this month.  

### Work out a meaningful way to celebrate the birthdays together.  

When do you want to celebrate together? Where do you want to celebrate? Who do you want to invite? What do you want to do?  

### Report your group’s idea to the class. Vote for the best plan.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>How well can you do these things?</td><td>Very well</td><td>OK</td><td>Needswork</td></tr><tr><td>1. l can say dates in English. 2.lcan use proper English expressions for</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>shopping. 3.l can talk about different ways to celebrate</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>birthdays. 4. I can tell how to spend a meaningful birthday.</td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

Every birthday is a gift of life.  

# READING PLUS

 ## Unit 1  

###   Making New Friends at School  

Hello, boys and girls! Do you like to make new friends at school? Yes? Here’s some of my advice.  

First, don’t be shy! Try to talk to all of your classmates. Smile and say, “Hello! What’s your name?” If you didn’t hear the name clearly, try, “Sorry, can you repeat that for me, please?” Then give your name and say, “Nice to meet you!” It’s really as simple as that! It’s important to get people’s names right. If you get them wrong, they might feel sad!  

Second, ask questions! Ask about school, sport, music, and more! As you listen, think of more questions to ask. So when your classmate stops talking, you can jump in and ask another question! But remember, you have to be a good listener before you can ask good questions.  

Last, don’t forget to share! Tell your classmates something interesting about yourself. Then your new friends can get to know you too! Soon enough, you’ll be the best of friends!  

I hope you find my advice helpful! Now go make some new friends!  

### Find the three pieces of advice from the text and write them below.  

<html><body><table><tr><td>First</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Second</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Last</td><td></td></tr></table></body></html>  

### Can you think of another piece of advice about how to make new friends? Write it below.  

Your advice:  

 ## Unit 2  

  ### Family Ties in Names  

Hello! My name is Alan, and I’m from the UK. Here most people have a first, middle, and last name. My full name is Alan Luke Wood. Alan is my first name, Luke is my middle name, and Wood is my last name. We also call the last name a “family name” or “surname”.  

My grandfather also has three names. His full name is George Charles Wood. My father’s name is the same as my grandfather’s. Can you guess why? It shows great respect to my grandfather. People call my father George Charles Wood Junior, and they call my grandfather George Charles Wood Senior.  

My mother’s name was Linda Grant, but now her name is Linda Wood. Why is that? Because in the UK, a woman often changes her family name to her husband’s family name. Sometimes, however, the woman’s last name and the man’s last name are joined together. This allows both family names to live on.  

Names show family ties. What do you think?  

###   Read the text and circle the correct words to complete the sentences.  

1.	 Luke is Alan’s middle name / family name.   
2.	 In the UK, most/all people have three names.   
3.	 Alan’s father’s last name is Junior / Wood.   
4.	 Alan’s mother’s family name is now Grant / Wood.   
5.	 In the UK, women often / never change their family names when they marry.  

 ###  Discuss the questions.  

1.	 In English names, which is the surname, the first or the last name? How about Chinese names?   
2.	 How do Chinese parents come up with names for their children?   
3.	 What is the meaning of your name?  

 ## Unit 3  

 ###  My Floating School  

My name is Sadia Khatun. I’m from Bangladesh. It’s difficult to walk on some roads in the rainy season here. So how do I go to school? It’s easy! The school comes to me! I study on a “floating school”.  

My floating school is a “school bus” and classroom all in one. The boat picks me up early in the morning. Our classroom is on the boat too. There are several boats on the river at the same time. Each boat has one teacher and one class. The teacher teaches us all the subjects.  

The boat is long and wide. We sit at wooden desks. Big windows bring in lots of sunlight and fresh air. There’s a blackboard at the front. There’s a computer next to it, and it gets its power from the sun. At the end of the school day, the boat takes me home.  

I learn a lot at my school and have fun too. I love my floating school!  

### What is true about Sadia’s floating school? Tick the correct statements.  

The “floating school” is open in the rainy season.   
The boat picks students up in the morning.   
There are two teachers on each boat.   
Every student on the boat has a computer.   
Sadia sleeps on the boat at night.  

 ###  Discuss the questions.  

1.	 How is the floating school important to students in Bangladesh?   
2.	 What difficulties might the floating school have?  

 ## Unit 4  

 ### TEXT

 Show Choir  

Learn to sing and dance to fun songs.  

Work as a team to put on a big show at the end of the term. It’s a great way to make new friends too!  

Age: all   
Where: music studio   
When: Wednesdays and Fridays, 4:00 p.m.– 5:00 p.m.   
Things to bring: nothing  

  Easy Carpentry  

Are you good with your hands? Come and learn how to make a table, a chair, or maybe a birdhouse. In this class, you learn to use different tools in a safe way.  

Age: $^ { 1 4 + }$   
Where: Classroom 4   
When: Mondays, 3:30 p.m.–4:30 p.m. Things to bring: safety glasses  

  Podcasting 101  

Podcasting is an excellent way to develop your speaking and  

computer skills. Learn how to make short but interesting videos. You choose the topic!  

Age: all   
Where: IT room   
When: Fridays, 4:30 p.m.–5:15 p.m. Things to bring: USB stick  

  Yoga and You  

Do you want to relax 1 but don’t know how?   
Then join us for a yoga class. Learn to stand like a   
tree, a mountain, and more! Yoga helps you sleep better and build a good body. Age: all   
Where: gym   
When: Thursdays, 12:00 p.m.–12:45 p.m. Things to bring: towel and mat  

  ### Read the ads and complete the sentences.  

1.	 There are classes on Fridays.  

2.	 Students in Show Choir meet at the  

3.	 You can develop and skills in Podcasting 101.  

4.	 Yoga and You lasts for minutes each time.  

 ###  Discuss the questions.  

1.	 Mike likes making things. Which class do you advise him to go to?   
2.	 Which class would you like to take and why?  

 ## Unit 5  

 ###  Alice’s Vlog: My Drama Club  

Hello! My name is Alice. Welcome to my drama club!  

This is Mr Ford, our drama teacher. Mr Ford is very nice, and he always has great ideas. He helps me so much!  

And these are my friends at the drama club. We always have a good time! After practice, we often have pizza. Check out this photo! Mmm … Yummy!  

My parents often come to our shows. They record the shows, and we watch them on TV later. Hereʼs a clip from our last show. Thatʼs me with the blonde hair! I look cute, donʼt I?  

The drama club can be hard when I have to remember a lot of lines, but it helps me to understand a lot more about the plays. Iʼm usually very shy, but when Iʼm in a play, I no longer feel afraid. Now I’m brave enough to talk, and even sing, in front of lots of people.  

I love my drama club—it’s never boring.  

 ###  Read the vlog script. Write T for true, F for false, or NG for not given.  

1.	 Mr Ford is a good drama teacher. (  

2.	 Students often go to a pizza restaurant after practice.  

3.	 Alice’s parents often make videos of their drama shows. (  

4.	 It is always easy for Alice to remember her lines. (  

5.	 Alice still feels afraid to go on stage.  

###   Discuss the questions.  

1.	 How does Alice like her drama club?   
2.	 Do you want to join a drama club? Why?  

##  Unit 6  

 ### TEXT

 Wenwen’s mother, China  

My mother is a nurse in a hospital. When she works at night, we eat dinner together at $6 { : } 3 0 ~ \mathsf { p } . \mathsf { m } .$ ., and then she goes to work. Her work starts at 10:00. She checks on each patient every three hours. She finishes work at 8:00 a.m. the next day and arrives home by 9:00. Her bedtime is around 10:30. She is busy with her work, but when she is free, we go to the park and have a good time together.  

  Colin’s father, the UK  

Read the texts and complete the timelines for Wenwen’s mother and Colin’s father.  

My father is a bin worker. I usually don’t see him in the morning because he gets up at 4:00 a.m. He has something to eat and then goes to work. By 5:00, he is at his first house to empty rubbish bins into a lorry. Work ends around 3:00 p.m. Then he comes to school to pick me up at 4:30. We talk a lot on the way home. Dinner is at 6:00. After dinner, he watches TV for a while. Then he goes to bed early at 8:30. We try to keep quiet at night so he sleeps well.  

### Read the texts and complete the timelines for Wenwen’s mother and Colin’s father.

Wenwen’s mother  
Colin’s father

 ###  Discuss the questions.  

1.	 How are Wenwen’s and Colin’s parents’ routines different from your parents’?   
2.	 What other jobs have special routines?  

##  Unit 7  

### HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU

My dear son,  

It’s so wonderful to watch you grow up. I like to see your smile every day! Thank you for bringing joy to the family. Sometimes you do drive me up the wall with your loud music. But I wouldn’t change a thing about you. I love you so much. Happy birthday!  

Love you, Dad  

Dear Penny,  

You laugh all the time, and you have no worries-you're everything l want in a friend. Don't ever change! Stay as amazing as you are, my dear friend. Always remember that if you fall, I'll pick you up. Happy birthday, and stay happy every day!  

Your best friend forever. Tina  

To my wonderful mum,  

I wish you a happy birthday! Thank you so much for taking care of me and loving me every day. You're such a beautiful and kind woman. I want to be just like you when I grow up.  

Your loving daughter, Amy  

### Read the birthday cards and answer the questions.  

1.	 Why does the father say he wouldn’t change a thing about his son?   
2.	 What kind of person is Tina’s friend?   
3.	 How does Amy describe her mother?   
4.	 Why do people write birthday cards?  

###  Write a birthday card to a friend or a family member.  

# Listening Scripts

 ##  Starter Unit 1  Hello!  

###  Section A, 2b b, c, g, h, j, l, n, q, r, v, x, z  

###  Section A, 2c  

  Conversation 1  

Ms Gao:	 Good morning, class.   
Class: Good morning, Ms Gao.   
Ms Gao: 	Sit down, please.  

Conversation 2  

Ms Gao:	 Hello, Peter. Can you say hi to the class? Peter: Hi, everyone! I’m Peter Brown. Ms Gao:	 Thank you, Peter. Now class, please say hi to each other.  

Conversation 3  

Emma:	 Good morning. My name is Emma.   
Fu Xing:	 Good morning, Emma.   
Emma:	 So what’s your name?   
Fu Xing:	 Oh, I’m Fu Xing. Nice to meet you, Emma. Emma:	 Nice to meet you too, Fu Xing!  

##  Starter Unit 2  Keep Tidy!  

###   Section A, 2c and 2d Conversation 1  

Teng Fei: 	Hi, Ella! I have a new schoolbag. Ella: Cool! What colour is it, Teng Fei? Teng Fei: 	It’s blue. Blue is my favourite colour. Ella: I like blue too.  

Conversation 2  

Yaming: 	 Hello, Emma! I have a new bicycle. Emma: 	 Really? What colour is it? Yaming: 	 It’s black and orange. Emma: 	 Great. Can you show me tomorrow? Yaming: 	 Sure, I’ll be happy to!  

  Conversation 3  

Fu Xing: 	Hey, Peter! Look at my new shoes.   
Peter: Oh, they look great. I have new shoes too. Fu Xing: 	Really? What colour are they?   
Peter: They’re red.   
Fu Xing: 	That’s cool!  

 ## Starter Unit 3  Welcome!  

### Section A, 2b three, eight, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fifteen, eighteen, twenty  

### Section A, 2c  

Conversation 1  

Fu Xing: Hello, Peter and Helen! This is my grandpa.   
Peter & Helen:	 Hello, Mr Fu. Nice to meet you!   
Mr Fu: Nice to meet you too. Welcome to my house. Let me show you around. Helen: Thank you. Oh, what’s that, Mr Fu? Is that a goose?   
Mr Fu: No, it isn’t. It’s a duck.  

Conversation 2  

Peter: Mr Fu, what are those plants? Are they potato plants? Mr Fu: No, Peter, they aren’t. They’re carrot plants. Peter: What about these plants? Are they tomato plants? Mr Fu: Yes, they are!  

Conversation 3  

Helen: What kind of tree is this?   
Mr Fu: It’s an apple tree.   
Helen: How many apple trees do you have?   
Mr Fu: Only two.   
Helen: Look at those rabbits. They’re cute! How many rabbits do you have? Mr Fu: I have 12 rabbits. Eight are white, and four are black.  

 ## Unit 1  You and Me  

### Section A, 1b and 1c   
Conversation 1   
Meimei:	 Hello, I’m Song Meimei. May I have your name? Peter: Hi, I’m Peter Brown. Nice to meet you. Meimei:	 Nice to meet you too. How do you spell your name? Peter: P-E-T-E-R, Peter. B-R-O-W-N, Brown.   
Meimei:	 Where are you from?   
Peter: I’m from London, in the UK.   
Meimei:	 Wow, that’s far. What class are you in?   
Peter: I’m in Class 1, Grade 7.   
Meimei:	 Wow, we’re in the same class!  

  Conversation 2  

Ella: Good morning, Ms Li.   
Ms Li: Good morning! Are you Emma? Ella: No, Ms Li. I’m Ella.   
Ms Li: Sorry, Ella. What’s your last name? Ella: It’s Miller.   
Ms Li: How old are you, Ella?   
Ella: I’m 12 years old.   
Ms Li: Well, it’s nice to meet you.   
Ella: Nice to meet you too.  

### Section A, 2a and 2d  

Chen Jie:	 ​Hello, Mr Smith!   
Mr Smith:​	Hello, Chen Jie. How are you?   
Chen Jie:​	 I’m good, thank you. Mr Smith, this is my new friend, Peter. Peter, this is our English teacher, Mr Smith. He’s from the US.   
Mr Smith:	​Hi, Peter. Nice to meet you.   
Peter:​ Nice to meet you too, Mr Smith.   
Mr Smith:	​What class are you in, Peter?   
Peter:​ I’m in Class 1.   
Mr Smith:	​Who’s your class teacher?   
Peter:​ Ms Hui.   
Chen Jie:	 ​Oh, Peter, it’s Ms Gao, not Ms Hui. Hui is her first name.   
Peter:​ Oh, sorry! My mistake.  

##  Unit 2  We’re Family!  

### Section A, 1b and 1c   
Conversation 1   
Yaming: Morning, Emma.   
Emma: Oh, hi, Yaming! Glad to see you here in the park! Yaming: Me too. Emma, these are my parents. Dad and Mum, this is my classmate, Emma.   
Mr & Mrs Wang:	 Nice to meet you, Emma.   
Emma: Nice to meet you too, Mr and Mrs Wang.   
Yaming: And this is my sister, Yaqi.   
Emma: Hi, Yaqi!   
Yaqi: Hi, Emma!   
Conversation 2   
Teng Fei:	 Is this your family photo, Peter?   
Peter: Yes, it is.   
Teng Fei:	 Are these your parents?   
Peter: Yes, they are.   
Teng Fei:	 Who’s he?   
Peter: He’s my father’s brother, my uncle. And this is my aunt.   
Teng Fei:	 Who’s she?   
Peter: She’s my sister, Helen.   
Teng Fei:	 Is this your brother?   
Peter: No, it’s my cousin, David. This is my brother, Jim.   
Teng Fei:	 Who are they?   
Peter: They’re my grandparents. They’re my father’s parents.   
Teng Fei:	 What a happy family!   
## Section A, 2a and 2c   
Teng Fei:	​ Hi, Peter! Come in.   
Peter:	​ Thanks. Oh, these ping-pong bats are nice. Whose are they?   
Teng Fei:	​ Well, this is my ping-pong bat, and the black one is my grandpa’s.   
Peter:	​ Do you often play ping-pong together?   
Teng Fei:	​ Yes, we play every week. My grandpa loves sport.   
Peter:	​ Whose fishing rods are those?   
Teng Fei:​	 They’re my father’s. He spends a lot of time fishing.   
Peter:	​ Hey, do you play the piano?   
Teng Fei:	​ No, I don’t. It’s my mother’s piano. She can play it really well!  

 ## Unit 3  My School  

### Section A, 1b and 1c Conversation 1 Boy 1: Can I help you?  

Ella: Oh, yes. I’m looking for my classroom.   
Boy 1: OK. What class are you in?   
Ella: I’m in Class 2, Grade 7.   
Boy 1: Oh, it’s in that building, behind the sports field.   
Ella: Behind the sports field. Oh, I see! Thanks!   
Conversation 2   
Peter: Excuse me. Where’s Ms Gao’s office?   
Woman:	 Her office is in the teachers’ building.   
Peter: And where’s that?   
Woman:	 The teachers’ building is across from the school hall.   
Peter: Great. Thank you.   
Conversation 3   
Emma:	 Excuse me. Is there a student centre in this school?   
Boy 2:	 Yes, there is.   
Emma:	 Oh, good. Where is it?   
Boy 2:	 It’s between the library and the gym.   
Emma:	 Ah, yes. I can see it. Thank you!   
## Section A, 2a and 2d   
Mum:​	 What’s your new classroom like, Peter?   
Peter:	​ It’s large. There are 40 student desks in the room. And a teacher’s desk in front of the blackboard.   
Mum:	​ Where do you sit?   
Peter:	​ I sit in the middle of the classroom.   
Mum:	​ That’s nice. What’s special in your classroom?   
Peter:	​ There’s a smart whiteboard next to the blackboard. Oh, and there’s another blackboard at the back of the classroom.   
Mum:	​ Another blackboard?   
Peter:	​ Yes, we put up important notices there.   
Mum:	​ Are there any lockers in the classroom?   
Peter:	​ No, there aren’t. We put our things in the desk drawers.  

 ## Unit 4  My Favourite Subject  

### Section A, 1b and 1c   
Conversation 1   
Fu Xing: 	Hi, Ella. Are you OK?   
Ella: Hi, Fu Xing. Not really. Today is Tuesday.  

Fu Xing: 	So?  

Ella: I have history on Tuesday mornings.  

Fu Xing: 	You don’t like history?  

Ella: No, it’s hard for me.   
Fu Xing: 	So, what’s your favourite subject?   
Ella: Maths.   
Fu Xing: 	Why?   
Ella: Because it’s fun.   
Fu Xing: 	What other classes do you have today?   
Ella: I have art and geography. I like those subjects too.   
Conversation 2   
Ms Gao:	 Good morning, Peter.   
Peter: Good morning, Ms Gao.   
Ms Gao:	 What classes do you have today?   
Peter: I have Chinese and maths first.   
Ms Gao: 	Do you like those subjects?   
Peter: I like Chinese because it’s fun, but I don’t like maths.   
Ms Gao: 	Why?   
Peter: Because maths is boring to me.   
Ms Gao: 	But every subject is important. What other classes do you have today?   
Peter: IT and PE.   
Ms Gao: 	What’s your favourite class?   
Peter: PE, because it’s exciting.   
## Section A, 2a and 2c   
Binbin:	​ What’s your next class?   
Emma:	​ History. It’s my favourite subject.   
Binbin:	​ Why do you like it?   
Emma:​	 It’s interesting to learn about the past.   
Binbin:	​ What’s your favourite subject, Meimei?   
Meimei:	​ My favourite subject is English. It’s useful, and my English teacher is really nice. How about you, Binbin?   
Binbin:	​ I like all the subjects, but my favourite is maths.   
Meimei:	​ Why?   
Binbin:	​ Because I’m good with numbers.   
Emma:	 ​Oh, it’s difficult for me. Can you help me with this subject?   
Binbin:	​ Sure!   
Meimei:	​ Hey, look at the time. Let’s go to class!  

##  Unit 5  Fun Clubs  

### Section A, 1b and 1c  

Conversation 1  

Teng Fei:	 Hello! My name is Teng Fei, and I want to join the ping-pong club. Girl 1: Great! Can you play ping-pong?   
Teng Fei:	 Yes, I can.   
Girl 1: We meet at 5 o’clock every Tuesday. Can you come?   
Teng Fei:	 Oh, I have drum class on Tuesday afternoons.   
Girl 1: I’m sorry. You can’t make it.  

Conversation 2  

Sam:	 Hello! My name is Sam. I want to join the chess club. Girl 2:	 Can you play Chinese chess?   
Sam:	 No, I can’t.   
Girl 2:	 It’s OK. You can learn it here.   
Sam:	 Can I learn to play weiqi too?   
Girl 2:	 Sure, you can!  

Conversation 3  

Lin Hua:	 Morning! My name is Lin Hua, and I want to join the drama club. Boy: Can you read these words with feeling? Lin Hua:	 Let me have a try. “To be, or not to be, that is the question.” Boy: Great! Come to Room 11 at 12:00 every Thursday.  

### Section A, 2a and 2c  

Teng Fei:​	 Hi there! What club do you want to join?  

Peter:	​ I have no idea.  

Teng Fei:	​ Here’s some good news! Our school wants to start a music club. Do you want to join?  

Peter:	​ Sure. I can play the guitar. What about you, Emma?  

Emma:	​ I’d love to, but I can’t play any musical instruments.  

Peter: Oh, but you can sing well.  

Teng Fei:	​ Exactly! How about Ella? She can play the violin, right?  

Emma:	​ Yes, she can.  

Peter:	​ What instruments can you play, Teng Fei?  

Teng Fei:	​ I can play the drums.  

Peter:	​ That’s great! Let’s go to the music room after school!  

 ## Unit 6  A Day in the Life  

### Section A, 1b, 1c, and 1d  

Conversation 1  

Mum:	 Peter! Get up! You’re late!  

Peter:	 What time is it?  

Mum:	 A quarter past six.  

Peter:	 It’s too early! School is at eight.  

Mum:	 But you’re on duty today!  

Peter:	 Oh, no! I’m late!  

Mum: 	 Quickly! There’s no time for a shower. Get dressed and go.  

Peter:	 I can still brush my teeth.  

Mum: 	 And here’s your breakfast. Take it to school.  

Peter: 	 Thank you, Mum! Bye!  

Mum: 	 Be safe.  

Conversation 2  

Han Lin:	 Why are you at school so early, Peter? It’s only seven o’clock.   
Peter: I’m on duty today. You’re here early too, Han Lin!   
Han Lin:	 I like to do some reading before class. What time do you usually get up? Peter: At half past six.   
Han Lin:	 When do you have breakfast?   
Peter: At ten to seven. Before that, I brush my teeth and take a shower. Han Lin:	 Oh, I usually take a shower at night.   
Peter: Really? My family take showers in the morning.  

### Section A, 2a and 2d  

Lu Jiaqi:	​ Hi! I’m Lu Jiaqi, a school reporter. What’s your name?   
Tom:	​ Tom.   
Lu Jiaqi:	​ So Tom, what time do you usually get up?   
Tom:	​ At a quarter to seven.   
Lu Jiaqi:	​ And then?   
Tom:	​ I have breakfast at about ten past seven. Then I go to school at ten to eight. Lu Jiaqi:	​ When do you go home?   
Tom:	​ Around five.   
Lu Jiaqi:​	 What do you do after that?   
Tom:	​ Sometimes I play basketball. I have dinner at half past six. Then I do my homework.   
Lu Jiaqi:	 ​When do you usually go to bed? Tom:​ At half past nine.   
Lu Jiaqi:	​ That’s early!   
Tom:	​ Well, you know the saying, “Early to bed, early to rise!”  

##  Unit 7  Happy Birthday!  

### Section A, 1b and 1c   
Conversation 1   
Fu Xing:	 Today is 3rd December. Happy birthday, Helen! Helen:	 Thank you, Fu Xing!   
Fu Xing:	 How old are you?   
Helen: I’m 15. And you?   
Fu Xing:	 I’m 13.   
Helen:	 When is your birthday?   
Fu Xing:	 On 22nd August.   
Helen:	 So can you come to my birthday party?   
Fu Xing:	 Sure! When is it?   
Helen:	 At 6 o’clock this evening.   
Fu Xing:	 I’d love to come!  

Conversation 2  

Teng Fei:	 Ella, can you help me? I want to give my father a birthday gift. Ella: Oh, that’s sweet, Teng Fei! When is his birthday?   
Teng Fei:	 On 9th January, next month.   
Ella: That’s soon! You can make a card for him.   
Teng Fei:	 That’s a good idea!  

Conversation 3  

Peter: Meimei, when is Ms Gao’s birthday?   
Meimei:	 Why do you ask?   
Peter: Because I want us all to give her a surprise. Meimei:	 Sounds fun! Her birthday is on 12th June. Peter: Let’s sing a song for her. I’ll play the guitar. Meimei:	 Great idea!  

### Section A, 2a and 2c  

Teng Fei: Hi, Peter! It’s Ella and Emma’s birthday soon. How about a surprise party for them? Peter:	​ Good idea! Let’s go and buy something for the party.  

Woman:	​ Good morning. Can I help you?   
Teng Fei: Yes, please. How much is this birthday cake?   
Woman:	​ We have a sale today. It’s 85 yuan, and it comes with some candles. Peter:	​ Good, we’ll take it. How much are those oranges?   
Woman:	​ Six yuan a kilo. How many kilos do you want?   
Peter:	​ Five kilos, please. Teng Fei, how about some yogurt?   
Teng Fei: Sure. How much is the yogurt?   
Woman:​ Five yuan a bottle.   
Teng Fei: 10 bottles, please. What’s the total?   
Woman:	​ 165 yuan.   
Teng Fei: Here you are.   
Woman:​ Thank you! Have a nice day!   
Teng Fei & Peter:	​ Thanks. You too.  

# Pronunciation

本套教材七年级上、下册以及八年级上册设计了“音素学习—由字母及字母组合到读音—由读音到字母及字母组合”三轮拼读规则训练，以及一些基本的朗读技巧训练，帮助同学们打好语音基础。  

  、26个字母的发音  

<html><body><table><tr><td>Aa /e1/ Bb /bi:/ Cc/si:/ Dd /di:/</td></tr><tr><td>Ee/i:/ Ff/ef/ Gg/d3i:/ Hh /eitf/</td></tr><tr><td>Ii /a1/ Jj /d3e1/ Kk /ke1/ Ll /el/</td></tr><tr><td>Mm /em/ Nn /en/ Oo/əu/ Pp /pi:/</td></tr><tr><td>Qq/kju:/ Rr /a:(r)/ Ss /es/ Tt /ti:/</td></tr><tr><td>Uu /ju:/ Vv /vi:/ Ww /'dʌblju:/ Xx/eks/</td></tr><tr><td>Yy /wai/ Zz /zed/ (/zi:/)</td></tr></table></body></html>  

  二、音素  

英语共有44 个音素，其中元音20 个，辅音24 个。英语辅音和元音的作用相当于汉语中的声母和韵母。记录英语音素的符号叫作音标，音标放在两条斜线（/ /）内，以免和字母混淆。  

  1. 元音  

/i:/	 /I/	 /e/	 /{/	 /3:/	 /@/	 /A:/	 /V/   /O:/   /Q/   /u:/   /U//eI/   /aI/   /OI/   /@U/   /aU/   /I@/   /e@/   /U@/注：/i/是/I/的音位变体， $/ \mathrm { u } /$ 是/U/的音位变体，这两个变体音/i/和/u/是弱读音，出现在非重读音节中。  

  2. 辅音  

清音  /p/ /t/ /k/ /f/ /T/ /s/ /S/	 /tS/	 /h/ 浊音  /b/ /d/ /g/ /v/ /D/ /z/ /Z/	 /dZ/ /m/ /n/ /N/ /l/ /r/ /w/	 /j/  

  三、朗读基本知识  

  1. 单词重音（Word Stress）  

英语单词有单音节词、双音节词和多音节词之分。含有一个响亮音素的声音片段叫作一个音节。英语里的元音都是响亮的音素。由一个音节构成的词叫作单音节词，如hi、mum、dad、first、meet。由两个或两个以上音节构成的词称为双音节词或多音节词。对于双音节词或多音节词，有的音节须读得重些，叫作重读音节；有的音节要读得轻些，叫作非重读音节。重读音节用重音符号“  ”标出。  

（1） 双 音 节 词 的 重 音 一 般 落 在 第 一 个 音 节 上， 如 jacket 、question、sweater (r)。（2）少数双音节词的重音在第二个音节上，如 excuse 、July 、about  。（3）三音节词的重音一般也在第一个音节上，如 favourite 、vegetable、interesting 。（4）少数三音节词的重音在第二个音节上，如computer (r)、tomato、December (r)。（5）有的双音节词和多音节词有两个重音，一个是主重音，另一个是次重音。次重音用“  ”表示，标在次重音的左下方。如thirteen $/ , \Theta 3 \colon ^ { ! } \mathrm { t i } \mathrm { : n } /$ 、fifteen 、afternoon。  

  2. 连读（Linking）  

在同一个意群中，前后相连的两个单词之间，前一个单词末尾的辅音和后一个单词词首的元音有时可连起来读，这种现象被称为连读。连读现象是在语言交际中，特别是随着语速的加快而自然产生的，可用符号“ ”表示。常见的连读情况有以下两种。  

（1）辅音 $^ +$ 元音  

当前一个词的词尾是辅音，后一个词以元音开头时，这两个词可以连读。例如： It’s a good idea. Come on, Jack! Is it on the desk? Look at it. Let me get i	t. Can you play games with us? L  

（2）r / re $^ +$ 元音  

当前一个词的词尾是r或re，后一个词的词首是元音时，这两个词可以连读，中间增加一个 音。例如：  

Ask the teacher for it. I need a pair of sports shoes for school.  

  3. 不完全爆破（Incomplete Plosion）  

在单词或语句中，当三对爆破音//和//、//和//、//和// 之中任何两个相邻时，或当爆破音与一些别的辅音相邻时，第一个爆破音只按发音部位形成阻碍，但不发生爆破，稍停即发出后一个辅音，这种现象被称为不完全爆破。例如：  

a do(c)tor  (r) an ol(d) cat  // si(t) down  // a bi(g) bla(ck)board // Goo(d)bye!  // Sto(p) talking.  //  

4. 句子重音（Sentence Stress）  

英语中每个独立的词都有词的重音，但在连贯言语中有些词就失去重音了，这是因为并非所有的词在语句中都有同等的重要性。一般来说，名词、动词、形容词和副词等重读，而冠词、连词、介词、人称代词、助动词、情态动词肯定式等不重读。例如：  

（1）	 A: I can sing, but I can’t dance.   
（2）	 A: Does she like history? B: No, she doesn’t.   
（3）	 A: What time do you usually get up? B: At eight thirty in the morning.  

5. 语调（Intonation）  

在说话或朗读时声调的抑扬叫作语调。英语的基本语调分为“降调”和“升调”两种，主要表现为语句末尾语调的降与升，用语调符号“  ”（指降调）或“  ”（指升调）来表示。  

英语语调变化非常丰富。初学者要首先了解这两个基本语调的主要用法。  

（1）降调一般用于：  

A. 陈述句 It’s time to get  up. B. 特殊疑问句 When does he go to  bed? C. 祈使句 Don’t run in the  hallways. D. 感叹句 What a nice  day!  

（2）升调一般用于：  

A. 一般疑问句 Can we bring music players to  school? B. 选择疑问句or前的部分 Is his hair  long or  short?  

# Grammar

  、词类（Parts of Speech）  

表1  词类  

<html><body><table><tr><td>词类</td><td>英语名称</td><td>意义</td><td>例词</td></tr><tr><td>名词 冠词</td><td>Noun (n.) Article (art.)</td><td>表示人或事物的名称 用于名词前，帮助限定名词所指的</td><td>son, tennis, family, idea a,an, the</td></tr><tr><td>代词</td><td>Pronoun</td><td>人或事物 用于代替名词以及起名词作用的短</td><td>we,her, that, what</td></tr><tr><td>形容词</td><td>(pron.) Adjective</td><td>语、分句或句子等 用于修饰名词，表示人或事物的特征</td><td>funny, different,</td></tr><tr><td>数词</td><td>(adj.) Numeral</td><td>表示数量或顺序</td><td>excited, amazing nine, thirteen, first,</td></tr><tr><td>动词</td><td>(num.) Verb (v.)</td><td>表示动作或状态</td><td>twentieth be (am, is, are), play,</td></tr><tr><td>副词</td><td>Adverb (adv.)</td><td>用于修饰动词、形容词或其他副词</td><td>think, have not, too, there, usually</td></tr><tr><td>介词</td><td>Preposition</td><td>表示名词、代词等与句中其他词的</td><td>in, on,at, of</td></tr><tr><td>连词</td><td>(prep.) Conjunction (conj.)</td><td>关系 用于连接单词、短语或句子</td><td>and, but, because, when</td></tr><tr><td>感叹词</td><td>Interjection (interj.)</td><td>表示说话时的喜悦、惊讶等情感</td><td>well, hello, h, hey</td></tr></table></body></html>  

  二、名词（Nouns）  

名词是指人或事物的名称。  

  1. 名词的种类  

名词可分为专有名词和普通名词两类。专有名词是特定的人、事件、机构、地点等专有的名称，如 Peter、January、Singapore。专有名词的第一个字母一般要大写。  

  2. 名词的可数性  

名词按其可数性可分为可数名词和不可数名词。可数名词有复数形式，如 eightrabbits、some trees。不可数名词一般没有复数形式，如 milk、bread、yogurt。  

  3. 名词所有格  

名词所有格表示所属关系，其构成情况如下表所示。  

表2  名词所有格的构成  

<html><body><table><tr><td>类别</td><td>构成方法</td><td>例词</td><td>读音</td></tr><tr><td>单数名词</td><td>加's</td><td>Mike's /maiks/basketball your group's /gru:ps/ ideas your mum's /mAmz/birthday his uncle's /'ʌyklz/farm Lily's /'liliz/family Kate's /keits/ cat her dad's /dadz/ glasses Alice's /'æelisiz/ vlog the actress's /'ektrəsiz/name George's /'d3ə:d31z/ father</td><td rowspan="2">在清辅音后读/s/, 在浊辅音和元音后读 /z/，在/s/、/z/、 /s/、/ts/、/d3/等 后读/1z/</td></tr><tr><td>复</td><td>不以字 母-s结 加s</td><td>Children's /'tfildrənz/Day</td></tr><tr><td>尾 数 名 以字母 词 -s结尾</td><td>加</td><td>her grandparents' /'grænpeərənts/ favourite grandchild</td><td>读音不变</td></tr></table></body></html>  

  三、冠词（Articles）  

冠词是置于名词之前，限定名词所表示的人或事物的一种虚词。冠词不能离开名词单独使用。冠词分为定冠词（the）、不定冠词（a / an）和零冠词。  

  1. 定冠词  

定冠词的基本概念是“特指”，用于指说话人和听话人已知的人或事物，可与单数可数名词、复数可数名词或不可数名词一起使用。例如：“ Where is the library?”“Theglasses are on her dad’s nose.”“The milk is on the table.”。定冠词在辅音前读 $/ \eth \mathsf { o } /$ ，在元音前读//，特别强调时可读作//。  

  2. 不定冠词  

不定冠词的基本概念是“非特指”，用于指某类人或物中的任何一个或某一个。其中an放在以元音（音素）开头的名词前面，如an eraser。不定冠词只能与单数可数名词一起使用，其基本含义有“该类中的一例”“只有一个”“每一个”等。例如：“I have a petdog.”“Sometimes I play basketball for an hour.”“We have three lessons a day.”。  

  3. 零冠词  

零冠词指名词前不加冠词的情况。例如：“My favourite subject is English.”“Binbinis good with numbers.”“It’s time for me to go to bed.”。有的语法书并不把零冠词列为冠词中的一种。  

  四、代词（Pronouns）  

代词是代替名词以及起名词作用的短语、分句或句子的词，它们的词义必须通过上下文来确定。此处重点介绍人称代词、形容词性物主代词和指示代词。  

  1. 人称代词  

人称代词表示人称范畴及其屈折变化形式，有人称、数、格等变化。  

表3  人称代词  

<html><body><table><tr><td rowspan="2">人称</td><td colspan="2">单数</td><td colspan="2">复数</td></tr><tr><td>主格</td><td>宾格</td><td>主格</td><td>宾格</td></tr><tr><td>第一人称 第二人称</td><td>I（我） you（你）</td><td>me you</td><td rowspan="3">we（我们） you（你们） they（他们/</td><td rowspan="3">us you them</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">第三人称</td><td>he（他）</td><td>him</td></tr><tr><td>she（她）</td><td>her</td></tr><tr><td>it（它）</td><td>it</td><td>她们/它们)</td></tr></table></body></html>  

  2. 形容词性物主代词  

物主代词是表示所有关系的代词，分为形容词性物主代词和名词性物主代词，此处重点介绍形容词性物主代词，它们相当于形容词，置于名词之前作定语，如 my name、your schoolbag、her favourite subject、their children。  

表4  形容词性物主代词  

<html><body><table><tr><td>人称</td><td>单数</td><td>复数</td></tr><tr><td>第一人称</td><td>my（我的）</td><td>our（我们的）</td></tr><tr><td>第二人称</td><td>your（你的）</td><td>your（你们的）</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3">第三人称</td><td>his（他的）</td><td rowspan="3">their（他们的／她们的／它们的）</td></tr><tr><td>her（她的）</td></tr><tr><td>its（它的）</td></tr></table></body></html>  

  3. 指示代词  

指示代词是专门用来指出或标示人或物的一类代词，常见指示代词有this、these、that、those 等。  

表5  指示代词  

<html><body><table><tr><td>指示代词</td><td>用法</td><td>例句</td></tr><tr><td>this（这个）</td><td>用于指时间或空间 上较近的事物</td><td>This is my uncle's farm.</td></tr><tr><td>these（这些）</td><td></td><td>These are my friends at the drama club.</td></tr><tr><td>that（那个） those（那些）</td><td>用于指时间或空间 上较远的事物</td><td>Do you see that red house by the river? Thoseingogtsi</td></tr></table></body></html>  

  五、数词（Numerals）  

数词是表示数目多少或顺序先后的词，包括基数词和序数词两种。  

  1. 基数词  

基数词表示数目的多少。  

<html><body><table><tr><td>one 1</td><td>nine 9</td><td>seventeen 17</td><td>fifty</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>two 2</td><td>ten 10</td><td>eighteen</td><td>18 sixty</td><td>60</td></tr><tr><td>three 3</td><td>eleven 11</td><td>nineteen</td><td>19 seventy</td><td>70</td></tr><tr><td>four 4</td><td>twelve 12</td><td> twenty</td><td>20 eighty</td><td>80</td></tr><tr><td>five 5</td><td>thirteen 13</td><td>twenty-one</td><td>21 ninety</td><td>90</td></tr><tr><td>six 6</td><td>fourteen 14</td><td>twenty-two</td><td>22 one hundred</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>seven 7</td><td>fifteen 15</td><td>thirty</td><td>30 one hundred and one</td><td>101</td></tr><tr><td>eight 8</td><td>sixteen 16</td><td>forty</td><td>40 two hundred</td><td>200</td></tr></table></body></html>  

  2. 序数词  

序数词表示顺序的先后。序数词前常用定冠词 the 或物主代词，有时也可用不定冠词或零冠词。  

<html><body><table><tr><td>first</td><td>1st</td><td>ninth</td><td>9th</td><td>seventeenth 17th</td><td>fiftieth 50th</td></tr><tr><td>second</td><td>2nd</td><td>tenth</td><td>10th eighteenth</td><td>18th</td><td>sixtieth 60th</td></tr><tr><td>third</td><td>3rd</td><td>eleventh</td><td>11th nineteenth</td><td>19th</td><td>seventieth 70th</td></tr><tr><td>fourth</td><td>4th</td><td>twelfth</td><td>12th twentieth</td><td>20th</td><td>eightieth 80th</td></tr><tr><td>fifth</td><td>5th</td><td>thirteenth</td><td>13th twenty-first</td><td>21st</td><td>ninetieth 90th</td></tr><tr><td> sixth</td><td>6th</td><td>fourteenth</td><td>14th</td><td>twenty-second 22nd</td><td>one hundredth 100th</td></tr><tr><td>seventh</td><td>7th</td><td>fifteenth</td><td>15th thirtieth</td><td>30th</td><td rowspan="2">one hundred 101st and first</td></tr><tr><td>eighth</td><td>8th</td><td>sixteenth</td><td>16th fortieth</td><td>40th</td></tr></table></body></html>  

  六、动词（Verbs）  

动词表示动作或状态。动词的人称和数一般必须与主语的人称和数一致。动词是词类中最复杂的一种，不同语法书的动词分类有所不同。此处简要介绍系动词（linkingverb）、实义动词（full verb）、助动词（auxiliary verb）和情态动词（modal verb）。  

  1. 系动词  

系动词是连接主语和表语的动词，不能独立作谓语，必须与其后的表语一起构成谓语。常见的系动词有 be（am、is、are）、look、get、turn 等。例如：  

I am 12 years old.   
Maths is very useful in our life.   
They are carrot plants.   
You look happy today.   
The day gets longer in summer.   
Trees turn green in spring.  

  2. 实义动词  

实义动词意义完全，能独立作谓语。例如： I play tennis with my friends after school. My father likes fishing a lot. What time do you usually get up?  

  3. 助动词  

助动词本身无词汇意义或意义不完全，不能独立作谓语，它们只能和实义动词一起构成各种时态、语态、语气，以及否定和疑问结构。常见的助动词有be、do、have、will 等。例如：  

Do you want to be my friend?  

I don’t have a brother.  

Where does Peter spend most of his time at school?  

  4. 情态动词  

情态动词表示说话人的语气和情态，不能独立作谓语，只能和主要动词一起构成谓语。常见的情态动词有 can、may、could、must、have to、should、would 等，其后动词使用原形。情态动词一般没有人称和数的变化，它的否定式一般是在其后加 not 构成，在一般疑问句中通常将其提到句首。例如：  

She can speak a little French.  

He can’t swim.  

Can you come to my party?  

May I have your name?  

本册主要学习情态动词 can 表示“能力”的用法。该情态动词在不同句式中的用法如下表所示。  

表6  情态动词can的肯定式、否定式、疑问式和回答  

<html><body><table><tr><td>句式</td><td colspan="2">例句</td></tr><tr><td>肯定式</td><td colspan="2">Linda can swim really well. Cats can climb trees.</td></tr><tr><td>否定式</td><td colspan="2">I can't (cannot) cook. My parents can't (cannot) speak English.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">疑问式和回答</td><td>Can you play ping-pong?</td><td>Yes,I can./ No, I can't.</td></tr><tr><td>What instruments can Teng Fei play?</td><td>He can play the drums.</td></tr></table></body></html>  

  七、介词（Prepositions）  

介词一般用于名词或代词前，表示该词与句中其他成分的关系。介词后面的名词或代词称为介词宾语。介词宾语若是人称代词，则要用宾格。介词和介词宾语合在一起构成介词短语。  

  1. 表示时间的介词  

表示时间的介词主要有at、on 和in，它们的用法多样。  

表7  表示时间的介词at、on和in  

<html><body><table><tr><td></td><td>on</td><td>in</td></tr><tr><td>at lunchtime</td><td>日期on 22nd November 星期几on Thursday</td><td>月份inApril in spring 年份in 1949</td></tr></table></body></html>  

其他表示时间的介词还有 before、after 等，如 before breakfast、after school。  

  2. 表示地点的介词  

表示地点的介词很多，其中最常用、最灵活的是 at、in 和on。  

（1）at 表示在某个地点，例如：  

at school at the music studio at home at his house at the bus stop at the shop （2）on 表示在某个表面上，例如： on a board on the door on the desk on the sports field on his head on the river  

（3）in 表示在某个范围内，例如：  

in the photo in your schoolbag in the garden in Class 2 in China in the world  

（4）除了 at、in 和on 这三个介词，常见的方位介词还有以下几个。 under：在……下面   
The shoes are under the bed.   
in front of：在……前面   
Are there any flowers in front of their classroom?   
behind：在……后面   
A baby duck is behind the big tree.   
next to：紧邻；在……近旁   
This week I sit next to my best friend, Han Lin.   
across from：在……对面   
The dining hall is across from our classroom building.   
between： 在……中间   
The student centre is between the library and the gym.  

  3. 与其他词的连用  

（1）介词与名词连用  
on duty 值日；值班 on the way to 在去……的路上  
on the farm 在农场 on the left 在左面  
in the middle 在中间 in the future 将来（2）动词与介词连用  
look at 看 talk about 谈论  
think of 想到 learn from  向……学习  
listen to 听 ask for 请求（3）形容词与介词连用  
be good at 在某方面擅长 be famous for 因……而出名  
be similar to 与……相似 be interested in 对……感兴趣  

  八、一般现在时（Simple Present Tense）  

  1. 一般现在时的意义  

一般现在时可以表示现在的状态。例如：  
Where are the twins from?  
She doesn’t have a brother.  
一般现在时还可以表示经常发生的或习惯性的动作。例如：My school begins at 9:00.  
I often listen to music on the way.  
一般现在时也可以表示主语具备的性格和能力等。例如：Colin’s father works hard.  
I like all my classes, but my favourite is maths.  

  2. 一般现在时的构成  

此处重点介绍系动词 be 和实义动词在一般现在时中的基本用法，其相关构成与变化形式如下。  

（1）系动词be  

表8  含有系动词be的一般现在时的肯定式、否定式、疑问式和简略回答  

<html><body><table><tr><td colspan="2">肯定式</td><td colspan="2">否定式</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">I am ... You are ... He / She / It is ... We / You / They are ...</td><td colspan="2">Iam not ... You are not ... He / She /It is not ... We /You / They are not...</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">疑问式和简略回答</td><td>Is he / she / it ..?</td></tr><tr><td>Am I ...? Yes, you are. No, you are not. Are we ...? Yes, we / you are. No, we / you are not.</td><td colspan="2">Are you .. ? Yes, I am. No, I am not. Are you .. ? Yes, we are. No, we are not.</td><td>Yes,he/she/it is. No,he / she / it is not. Are they ...? Yes, they are. No, they are not.</td></tr></table></body></html>  

表9  一般现在时中系动词be的缩略形式  

<html><body><table><tr><td>肯定式</td><td>否定式</td><td>其他</td></tr><tr><td>I'm =Iam you're = you are he's=he is</td><td></td><td>what's=what is who's= who is</td></tr></table></body></html>  

（2）实义动词  

表10  含有实义动词的一般现在时的肯定式、否定式、疑问式和简略回答  

<html><body><table><tr><td colspan="2">肯定式</td><td colspan="2">否定式</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">I like oranges. You like oranges. He / She likes oranges. We / You / They like oranges.</td><td colspan="2">I do not like oranges. You do not like oranges. He / She does not like oranges. We / You / They do not like oranges.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4">疑问式和简略回答</td></tr><tr><td>Do I like oranges? Yes, you do. No, you do not. Do we like oranges? Yes, we / you do. No, we / you do not.</td><td colspan="2">Do you like oranges? Yes, I do. No, I do not. Do you like oranges? Yes, we do. No, we do not.</td><td>Does he / she like oranges? Yes,he / she does. No,he / she does not. Do they like oranges? Yes, they do. No, they do not.</td></tr></table></body></html>

注：在口语中，do not 经常缩略为 don’t，does not 经常缩略为 doesn’t。  

表11  主语是第三人称单数时作谓语的实义动词的变化形式  

<html><body><table><tr><td>类别</td><td>构成方法</td><td>例词</td><td>读音</td></tr><tr><td>一般情况</td><td>加-s</td><td>like—likes /laiks/ come-comes /kamz/ know—knows /nəuz/ play—plays /pleiz/</td><td rowspan="3">在清辅音后读/s/， 在浊辅音和元音后读 /z/，在/s/、/z/、 /S/、/ts/、/d3/等</td></tr><tr><td>以字母-s、 -x、-ch、-sh</td><td>加-es</td><td>guess—guesses /'gesiz/ fix—fixes /'fiksiz/ teach-teaches /'ti:tSiz/ finish-finishes /'finiSiz/</td></tr><tr><td>-y 结尾的动词</td><td>变y为i, 再加-es</td><td>study—studies/'stAdiz/</td></tr></table></body></html>  

  九、句子种类（Sentence Types）  

英语句子按照用途可分为陈述句、疑问句、祈使句和感叹句四类，此处重点介绍陈述句和疑问句。  

  1. 陈述句  

陈述句包括肯定结构和否定结构。在肯定结构中，谓语动词不含否定词。在否定结构中，系动词 be、助动词或情态动词后加 not（常用缩略形式），或用 no、never 等词表示。陈述句句末用句号。  

表12  陈述句的肯定式和否定式  

<html><body><table><tr><td>肯定式</td><td>否定式</td></tr><tr><td>Ella's cap is in her schoolbag.</td><td>Emma's cap is not in her schoolbag.</td></tr><tr><td>He has some ping-pong bats.</td><td>He doesn't have any ping-pong balls.</td></tr><tr><td>They usually take showers in the morning.</td><td>They never take showers in the afternoon.</td></tr><tr><td>I can run fast.</td><td>I can't jump high.</td></tr></table></body></html>  

  2. 疑问句  

疑问句包括一般疑问句、特殊疑问句、选择疑问句和附加疑问句。疑问句句末用问号。 此处重点介绍一般疑问句和特殊疑问句。  

（1）一般疑问句  

一般疑问句是用提问的方式提供一些信息，要求对方用yes 或no 回答的一种疑问句。答语中通常重复问句里的系动词be、助动词或情态动词，完全否定时口语中通常使用缩略形式（如 aren’t、doesn’t、can’t）。例如：  

A: Is this your brother?   
B: Yes, it is. / No, it isn’t.   
A: Do they have a pet dog?   
B: Yes, they do. / No, they don’t.   
A: Does she like maths?   
B: Yes, she does. / No, she doesn’t.   
A: Can you help me with this subject?   
B: Yes, I can. / No, I can’t.   
一般疑问句的回答有时可以省去yes 或no，或者补充更多信息。例如：  

A: Can I learn to play weiqi? B: Sure, you can. A: Do you want to join a club? B: Yes, I want to join the music club.  

（2）特殊疑问句  

特殊疑问句是以特殊疑问词开始的以寻求信息为目的的疑问句。常见的特殊疑问词包括what（什么）、who（谁）、whose（谁的）、where（在哪里）、when（何时）、why（为什么）、how（如何）等。例如：  

A: What’s your name? B: My name is Peter Brown. A: Who’s she? B: She’s my sister, Helen. A: Whose piano is that? B: It’s my mother’s.  

A: Where’s Ms Gao’s office?   
B: Her office is in the teachers’ building.   
A: When is your birthday?   
B: On 2nd August.   
A: Why do you like history?   
B: Because it’s exciting to learn about the past. A: How do you spell your name?   
B: P-E-T-E-R, Peter. B-R-O-W-N, Brown.  

在特殊疑问句中，疑问词与后面的系动词 be 或助动词常用缩略形式，如 what’s、who’s、where’s。  

特殊疑问句既可以使用完整答语（其中名词常用代词替代），也可以只回答提问部分。例如：  

A: What’s your favourite subject? B: Maths. ( $\ c =$ My favourite subject is maths.) A: How much are those oranges? B: Six yuan a kilo. ( $\mathbf { \tau } = \mathbf { \tau }$ They’re six yuan a kilo.)  

  十、存现句（Therebe Structure）  

“There is / are $+$ 某物/ 某人 $+$ 某地/ 某时”结构表示“某地或某时有某物或某人”。在这一结构中，there 没有实际意义，常弱读成 $/ \eth \mathsf { \{ \partial } $ 。句子中的系动词 be 和后面的名词在数的方面必须保持一致。  

表13  一般现在时中存现句的肯定式、否定式、疑问式和简略回答  

<html><body><table><tr><td>句式</td><td colspan="2">例句</td></tr><tr><td>肯定式</td><td>There is a nice library behind the classroom building.</td><td>There are some pictures of famous people on the wall.</td></tr><tr><td>否定式</td><td>There is not (isn't) any water in the bottle.</td><td>There are not (aren't) any students in the classroom today.</td></tr><tr><td>疑问式和简略回答</td><td>classroom? Yes, there is.</td><td>in the room? Yes, there are.</td></tr></table></body></html>  

注：在存现句中，在有并列主语的情况下，往往根据第一个主语的单复数来确定系动词 be 的形式。例如：  

There is a pen and two books on the desk.   
There are two boys and a girl in the room.  

#  Vocabulary in each unit  

注：依据《义务教育英语课程标准（2022年版）》，本词表中的重点词汇用粗体显示。  

 ## Starter Unit 1  

unit /ˈjuːnɪt/ n. 单元 p.1  
starter /ˈstɑːtə(r)/ unit 过渡单元 p.1  
section /ˈsekʃn/ n. 部分；地区 p.1  
greet /ɡriːt/ v. 招呼；问候 p.1  
each /iːtʃ/ adj. & pron.每个；各自 p.2  
other /ˈʌðə(r)/ pron. 另外的人（或物）  

 ## Starter Unit 2  

bottle /ˈbɒtl/ n. 瓶子 p.7  
eraser /ɪˈreɪzə(r)/ n. 橡皮 p.7  
key /kiː/ n. 钥匙；关键 p.7  
thing /θɪŋ/ n. 东西；事情 p.10  
need /niːd/ v. & n. 需要 p.10  
You’re welcome. 别客气；不用谢。 p.11  
adj. 另外的；其他的 p.2  
each other 互相；彼此 p.2  
oh /əʊ/ interj. 哦；啊 p.2  
everyone /ˈevriwʌn/  
pron.  每人；所有人 p.2  
start /stɑːt/ v. 开始；着手 p.4  
conversation /ˌkɒnvəˈseɪʃn/  
n. 谈话；交谈 p.4  
spell /spel/ v. 用字母拼；拼写 p.4  
bell /bel/ n. 铃（声）；钟（声） p.4  

 ## Starter Unit 3  

fun /fʌn/ n. 乐趣；快乐  
adj. 有趣的；使人快乐的 p.13  
yard /jɑːd/ n. 院子；园圃 p.13  
carrot /ˈkærət/ n. 胡萝卜 p.13  
goose /ɡuːs/ n. (pl. geese /ɡiːs/) 鹅 p.14  
count /kaʊnt/ v. 数数 p.16  
another $/ \mathsf { \partial } \mathrm { \dot { n } \Lambda } \mathtt { \partial } \mathrm { \tilde { n } \partial \mathsf { 0 } ( r ) } / \mathsf { \partial }$ adj. & pron. 另一；  
又一（人或事物） p.16  
else /els/ adv. 其他的；别的 p.17  
circle ${ \mathrm { / } } { \mathrm { } } _ { \mathbf { S 3 } } { \mathrm { : k l } } / \nu .$ 圈出 n. 圆形；圆圈 p.17  
look at 看；瞧 p.17  

Helen /ˈhelən/ 海伦  
Ella /ˈelə/ 埃拉  
Emma /ˈemə/ 埃玛  
Peter /ˈpiːtə(r)/ 彼得  
Brown /braʊn/ 布朗  
PRC /ˌpiː ɑː(r) ˈsiː/ 中华人民共和国  
PLA /ˌpiː el ˈeɪ/ 中国人民解放军  
VR /ˌviː ˈɑː(r)/ 虚拟现实  
WHO /ˌdʌbljuː eɪtʃ ˈəʊ/ 世界卫生组织  
UN /ˌjuː ˈen/ 联合国  
Miller /ˈmɪlə(r)/ 米勒  

## Unit 1  

make friends 交朋友 p.19  
get to know 认识；了解 p.20  
full /fʊl/ adj. 完整的；满的 p.20  
full name 全名 p.20  
grade /ɡreɪd/ n. 年级；等级 p.20  
last name 姓氏 p.20  
classmate /ˈklɑːsmeɪt/ n. 同班同学 p.21  
class teacher 班主任 p.21  

mistake $/ \mathrm { m } ^ { \prime }$ ˈsteɪk/ n. 错误；失误 p.21  
country /ˈkʌntri/ n. 国家 p.22  
same /seɪm/ adj. 相同的 p.23  
twin /twɪn/ n. 双胞胎之一adj. 双胞胎之一的 p.23  
both /bəʊθ/ adj. & pron. 两个；两个都 p.23  
band /bænd/ n. 乐队 p.23  
pot /pɒt/ n. 锅 p.23  
a lot 很；非常 p.23  
tofu /ˈtəʊfuː/ n. 豆腐 p.23  
parrot /ˈpærət/ n. 鹦鹉 p.24  
guitar /ɡɪˈtɑː(r)/ n. 吉他 p.24  
tennis /ˈtenɪs/ n. 网球运动 p.24  
page /peɪdʒ/ n. 页面；（书刊或纸张）页  p.24  
even /ˈiːvn/ adv. 甚至；连；愈加 p.24  
hey /heɪ/ interj. 嘿；喂 p.24  
play the guitar 弹吉他 p.24  
would /wʊd; wəd/ modal v. 想（用于礼貌地邀请或向某人提供某物）；将会 p.24  
would (’d) like to 表示愿意、喜欢 p.24  
information /ˌɪnfəˈmeɪʃn/n. 信息；消息 p.25  
hobby /ˈhɒbi/ n. 业余爱好 p.25  
re /riː/ prep.（用于回复电子邮件）关于；事由 p.25  

Green /ɡriːn/ 格林 p.20  
UK /ˌjuː ˈkeɪ/ 英国 p.20  
US /ˌjuː ˈes/ 美国 p.20  
Smith /smɪθ/ 史密斯 p.20  
Lisa /ˈliːsə/ 莉萨 p.23  
Tom /tɒm/ 汤姆 p.23  
hot pot 火锅 p.23  
Sally /ˈsæli/ 萨莉 p.23  
Wood /wʊd/ 伍德 p.23  
Sydney /ˈsɪdni/ 悉尼（澳大利亚城市）p.23  
Australia /ɒˈstreɪliə/ 澳大利亚 p.23  
Mapo tofu 麻婆豆腐 p.23  
Beijing roast /rəʊst/ duck  
北京烤鸭 p.24  
Singapore /ˌsɪŋəˈpɔː(r)/ 新加坡 p.24  
the Great Wall 长城 p.24  
Pauline /pɔːˈliːn/ 保利娜 p.24  
Lee /liː/ 李 p.24  
Coco /ˈkəʊkəʊ/ 科科 p.24  
London /ˈlʌndən/ 伦敦（英国首都） p.24  

 ## Unit 2  

mean $/ \mathrm { m i n } / \nu .$ 意思是；打算 p.27  
husband /ˈhʌzbənd/ n. 丈夫 p.28  
bat /bæt/ n. 球棒；球拍 p.29  
ping-pong bat 乒乓球拍 p.29  
play ping-pong 打乒乓球 p.29  
together /təˈɡeðə(r)/  
adv. 在一起；共同 p.29  
every day 每天 p.29  
fishing rod /rɒd/ 钓竿 p.29  
spend /spend/ v. 花（时间、钱等） p.29  
a lot of / lots of 大量；许多 p.29  
really /ˈriːəli/ adv. 非常；确实；真正地  p.29  
member /ˈmembə(r)/ n. 成员；会员 p.30  
activity /ækˈtɪvəti/ n. 活动 p.30  
chess /tʃes/ n. 国际象棋 p.30  
Chinese chess 中国象棋 p.30  
n. 祖父（母）；外祖父（母） p.31  
funny /ˈfʌni/ adj. 好笑的；奇怪的 p.31  
laugh /lɑːf/ v. 笑；发笑  n. 笑声 p.31  
different /ˈdɪfrənt/ adj. 不同的 p.31  
violin /ˌvaɪəˈlɪn/ n. 小提琴 p.31  
have fun 玩得高兴 p.31  
hat /hæt/ n. 帽子 p.32  
handsome /ˈhænsəm/ adj. 英俊的 p.32  
knee /niː/ n. 膝；膝盖 p.32  
at night 在夜晚 p.32  
in the middle 在中间 p.32  
grandchild /ˈɡræntʃaɪld/  
n. (pl. grandchildren /ˈɡrænˌtʃɪldrən/)  
（外）孙子；（外）孙女 p.32  
son /sʌn/ n. 儿子 p.33  
hike /haɪk/ v. & n. 远足；徒步旅行 p.33  
go hiking 远足；徒步旅行 p.33  
next to 紧邻；在……近旁 p.33  

## Unit 3  
hall /hɔːl/ n. 礼堂；大厅 p.36  
dining /ˈdaɪnɪŋ/ hall 餐厅 p.36  
in front of 在……前面 p.36  
building /ˈbɪldɪŋ/ n. 建筑物；房子 p.36  
across /əˈkrɒs/ adv. & prep.在（……）对面；横过 p.36  
across from 在对面 p.36  
centre /ˈsentə(r)/ ( $\ c =$ center)n. 中心；中央 p.36  
$\mathbf { g } \mathbf { y } \mathbf { m } / \mathrm { d } _ { \mathsf { 3 } } \mathrm { m } / n$ . ( $\ c =$ gymnasium/dʒɪmˈneɪziəm/) 体育馆，健身房；（尤指学校的）体育活动 p.36  
field /fiːld/ n. 场地；田地 p.36  
sports field 运动场 p.36  
office /ˈɒfɪs/ n. 办公室 p.36  
large /lɑːdʒ/ adj. 大的；大号的 p.37  
special /ˈspeʃl/ adj. 特别的；特殊的 p.37  
smart /smɑːt/ adj. 智能的；聪明的 p.37  
whiteboard /ˈwaɪtbɔːd/n. 白板；白色书写板 p.37  
put up 张贴；搭建 p.37  
important /ɪmˈpɔːtnt/ adj. 重要的 p.37  
notice /ˈnəʊtɪs/ n. 通知；注意v. 注意到；意识到 p.37  
locker /ˈlɒkə(r)/n.有锁存物柜；寄物柜 p.37  
drawer /drɔː(r)/ n. 抽屉 p.37  
at the back (of) 在（……）后面 p.38  
corner $/ ` \mathrm { k } \mathfrak { o } \mathrm { m } \mathfrak { o } ( \mathrm { r } ) / n .$ 角；墙角；街角 p.38  
bookcase /ˈbʊkkeɪs/ n. 书架；书柜 p.39  
screen /skriːn/ n. 屏幕；银幕 p.39  
at school 在学校 p.40  
different from 与……不一样 p.40  

David /ˈdeɪvɪd/ 戴维 p.28   
Jim /dʒɪm/ 吉姆 p.28   
Kate /keɪt/ 凯特 p.31   
Lily /ˈlɪli/ 莉莉 p.32   
Ireland /ˈaɪələnd/ 爱尔兰 p.32   
Fred /fred/ 弗雷德 p.32   
Sam /sæm/ 萨姆 p.32   
Jane /dʒeɪn/ 简 p.32   
Jack /dʒæk/ 杰克 p.32   
Sarah /ˈseərə/ 萨拉 p.32   
Oscar /ˈɒskə(r)/ 奥斯卡 p.32   
Lucy /ˈluːsi/ 露西 p.32  

modern /ˈmɒdn/ adj. 现代的；当代的 p.40  
do exercises 做体操 p.40  
amazing /əˈmeɪzɪŋ/ adj. 令人惊奇（惊喜或惊叹）的 p.40  
raise /reɪz/ v. 使升高；提高 p.40  
flag /flæɡ/ n. 旗；旗帜 p.40  
most /məʊst/ adj. & pron. 大多数；最多；最大 adv. 最 p.40  
change /tʃeɪndʒ/ v. & n. 改变；变化 p.40  
seat /siːt/ n. 座位 p.40  
delicious /dɪˈlɪʃəs/adj. 美味的；可口的 p.40  
How about ...?  ……怎么样？ p.40  
yours /jɔːz/ pron.（通常写作 Yours，结尾的签名前）你的；您的 p.40  
send /send/ $\nu .$ 发送；邮寄 p.40  
similar /ˈsɪmələ(r)/adj. 类似的；相像的 p.41  
similar to 类似的；相像的 p.41  
sound /saʊnd/ v. 听起来；好像n. 声音；响声 p.41  
bye for now 再见 p.41  

Flora /ˈflɔːrə/ 弗洛拉  

使人兴奋的reason /listen to 听；倾听good at 擅长$\nu .$ AM /ˌeɪ ˈem/PM /ˌpiː ˈem/p.40biology /baɪˈɒlədʒi/ n. 生物学 p.44 term /tɜːm/ n. 学期informationtechnology /tekˈnɒlədʒi/)p.44 in class 课堂上geography / dʒiˈɒɡrəfi/ n. 地理（学） p.44history /ˈhɪstri/ n. 历史；历史课 p.44boring /ˈbɔːrɪŋ/ adj. 乏味的；  

令人生厌的 p.44  
useful /ˈjuːsfl/ adj. 有用的；有益的 p.44  
exciting /ɪkˈsaɪtɪŋ/ adj. 令人激动的；p.44  
past /pɑːst/ n. 过去；过去的事情adj. 过去的 prep. 在……之后 p.45  
good with 灵巧的；善于应付……的 p.45  
number /ˈnʌmbə(r)/ n. 数字；号码 p.45  
help sb with 帮助某人做（某事） p.45${ \mathrm { ' } } { \mathrm { r i } } { \mathrm { : } } { \mathrm { z n } } / n .$ . 原因；理由 p.46p.47p.47  
remember /rɪˈmembə(r)/记住；记起 p.47  
as /æz; əz / prep. 如同；作为conj. 当……时；由于 p.47$( = \mathrm { a . m . } )$ ) 上午 p.48$\left( = \mathrm { p . m . } \right)$ 下午；午后 p.48  
French /frentʃ/ n. 法语adj. 法国的；法国人的；法语的 p.48  
excellent /ˈeksələnt/adj. 优秀的；极好的 p.48  
instrument /ˈɪnstrəmənt/n. 乐器；器械；工具 p.48  
singer /ˈsɪŋə(r)/ n. 歌手 p.48  
future /ˈfjuːtʃə(r)/ n. 将来；未来 p.48  
in the future 将来；未来 p.48p.48  
work out 计算出；解决 p.48  
problem /ˈprɒbləm/ n. 难题；困难 p.48p.48  
magic /ˈmædʒɪk/ n. 魔法；魔力；魔术adj. 有魔力的；有神奇力量的 p.48  
life /laɪf/ n. 生活；生命 p.48  

##Unit 4
IT /ˌaɪ ˈtiː/ ( $\dot { } = \mathbf { \nabla }$ 信息技术  

p.48  

Baker /ˈbeɪkə(r)/ 贝克 p.47  
Mike /maɪk/ 迈克 p.48  
Davis /ˈdeɪvɪs/ 戴维斯 p.48  
Canada /ˈkænədə/ 加拿大 p.48  
## Unit 5  
club /klʌb/ n. 俱乐部；社团 p.51  
join /dʒɔɪn/ v. 参加；加入 p.51  
choose /tʃuːz/ v. 选择；挑选 p.52  
drama $/ ^ { \cdot } \mathrm { d r a m } . \mathrm { m } .$ 戏剧；戏剧表演 p.52  
play Chinese chess 下中国象棋 p.52  
feeling /ˈfiːlɪŋ/ n. 感觉；情感 p.52  
news /njuːz/ n. 消息；新闻 p.53  
musical /ˈmjuːzɪkl/ adj. 音乐的；  
有音乐天赋的 p.53  
musical instrument 乐器 p.53  
exactly /ɪɡˈzæktli/  
adv. 正是如此；准确地 p.53  
drum /drʌm/ n. 鼓 p.53  
ability /əˈbɪləti/ n. 能力；才能 p.54  
paint /peɪnt/ $\nu .$ 用颜料画；在……上  
刷油漆 n. 油漆；涂料 p.54  
climb /klaɪm/ $\nu .$ 攀登；爬 p.55  
more /mɔː(r)/ adj. & pron. 更多（的） p.55  
act /ækt/ v. 扮演；行动  
n. （戏剧等）一幕；行动 p.56  
act out 表演 p.56  
at home 在家里 p.56  
interested /ˈɪntrəstɪd/ adj. 感兴趣的 p.56  
interested in 对……感兴趣 p.56  
nature /ˈneɪtʃə(r)/ n. 自然界；大自然 p.56  
beef /biːf/ n. 牛肉 p.56  

soon /suːn/ adv. 不久；很快 p.56than /ðæn; ðən/ prep. & conj.（用以引出比较的第二部分）比 p.56more than 多于 p.56mind /maɪnd/ n. 头脑；心思 p.56fall /fɔːl/ v. & n. 进入；掉落；跌倒  

n.（美式）秋天 p.56  
fall in love with 爱上… p.56  
take photos 拍照 p.56  
collect /kəˈlekt/ v. 收集；采集 p.56  
insect /ˈɪnsekt/ n. 昆虫 p.56  
discover /dɪˈskʌvə(r)/ $\nu .$ 发现；发觉 p.56  
wildlife /ˈwaɪldlaɪf/  
n. 野生动物；野生生物 p.56  
Linda /ˈlɪndə/ 琳达 p.55  
Alice /ˈælɪs/ 爱丽丝 p.56  
Bill /bɪl/ 比尔 p.56  
Jenny /ˈdʒeni/ 珍妮 p.56  

 ## Unit 6  

make use of 使用……；利用…… p.59  
quarter /ˈkwɔːtə(r)/n. 一刻钟；四等份之一 p.60  
shower /ˈʃaʊə(r)/ n. 淋浴；淋浴器；阵雨 v. 洗淋浴 p.60  
take a shower 淋浴 p.60  
get dressed 穿衣服 p.60  
brush /brʌʃ/ v.（用刷子）刷n. 刷子；画笔 p.60  
tooth /tuːθ/ n. (pl. teeth /tiːθ/) 牙齿 p.60  
duty /ˈdjuːti/ n. 值班；职责 p.60  
on duty 值班 p.60  
usually /ˈjuːʒuəli/ adv. 通常地；一般地	p.60  
get up 起床；站起 p.60  
reporter /rɪˈpɔːtə(r)/ n. 记者 p.61  
around /əˈraʊnd/ adv. & prep. 大约；环绕；到处 p.61  
homework /ˈhəʊmwɜːk/ n. 家庭作业  p.61  
go to bed 上床睡觉 p.61  
saying /ˈseɪɪŋ/ n. 谚语；格言 p.61  
rise /raɪz/ v. 起床；升起；增长n. 增加；增强 p.61  
stay /steɪ/ v. 停留；待 p.62  
routine /ruːˈtiːn/ n. 常规 p.62  
restaurant /ˈrestrɒnt/ n. 餐馆；餐厅 p.63  
housework /ˈhaʊswɜːk/ n. 家务劳动 p.63  
while /waɪl/ n. 一段时间；一会儿conj. 在……期间；当……的时候 p.63  
weekend /ˌwiːkˈend/ n. 周末 p.63  
at weekends 在周末 p.63  
daily /ˈdeɪli/ adj. 每日的；日常的 p.64  
daily routine 日常生活 p.64  
only /ˈəʊnli/ adv. 只；仅 p.64  
break /breɪk/ n. 休息；间断v. （使）破碎；损坏 p.64  
Finnish /ˈfɪnɪʃ/ n. 芬兰语adj. 芬兰的；芬兰人的；芬兰语的 p.64  
finish /ˈfɪnɪʃ/ v. 结束；完成 p.64  
hockey /ˈhɒki/ n. 曲棍球 p.64  
ice hockey  冰球运动；冰上曲棍球 p.64  
already /ɔːlˈredi/ adv. 已经；早已 p.64  
dark /dɑːk/ adj. 昏暗的；深色的 p.64  
outside /ˌaʊtˈsaɪd/ adv. & prep.在（……）外面  adj. 外面的 p.64n. 部分  
prepare /prɪˈpeə(r)/ v. 把……预备好；准备 p.64  
prepare sth for 为……把某物准备好 p.64  
Timo /ˈtiːməʊ/ 蒂莫 p.64  
Halla /ˈhɑlɑ/ 哈拉 p.64  
Helsinki /helˈsɪŋki/赫尔辛基（芬兰首都） p.64  
Finland /ˈfɪnlənd/ 芬兰 p.64  
home economics /ˌiːkəˈnɒmɪks/家政学；家庭经济学 p.64  

 ## Unit 7  

celebrate /ˈselɪbreɪt/ $\nu .$ 庆祝；庆贺 p.67  
surprise /səˈpraɪz/ n. 惊奇；惊讶v. 使感到意外 p.69  
something /ˈsʌmθɪŋ/pron. 某事；某物 p.69  
sale /seɪl/ n. 出售；销售 p.69  
kilo /ˈkiːləʊ/ ( $\ c =$ kilogram,kilogramme /ˈkɪləɡræm/)$n . \left( p l . { \mathrm { k i l o s } } \right)$ 千克；公斤 p.69  
yogurt /ˈjɒɡət/ ( $\ c =$ yoghurt) n. 酸奶 p.69  
total /ˈtəʊtl/ n. 总数；合计adj. 总的；全体的 p.69  
price /praɪs/ n. 价格 p.70  
balloon /bəˈluːn/ n. 气球 p.70  
chocolate /ˈtʃɒklət/ n. 巧克力 p.70  
pizza /ˈpiːtsə/ n. 比萨饼 p.70  
list /lɪst/ n. 名单；清单v. 列表；列清单 p.70  
own /əʊn/adj. & pron. 自己的；本人的 p.71  
example /ɪɡˈzɑːmpl/ n. 例子；范例 p.71  
for example 例如 p.71 grow /ɡrəʊ/ v. 成长；长大；增长 p.72  
language /ˈlæŋɡwɪdʒ/ n. 语言 p.71 blow /bləʊ/ $\nu .$ 吹；刮 p.72  
international /ˌɪntəˈnæʃnəl/ blow out 吹灭 p.72adj. 国际的 p.71 enjoy /ɪnˈdʒɔɪ/  
mark /mɑːk/ v. 做记号；纪念；打分 $\nu .$ 享受……的乐趣；喜欢 p.72n. 记号 p.71 height /haɪt/ n. 身高；高度 p.72  
national /ˈnæʃnəl/ later /ˈleɪtə(r)/ adv. & adj. 以后（的）；adj. 国家的；民族的 p.71 后来（的） p.72  
found /faʊnd/ v. 创建；创立 p.71 next time 下次 p.72  
meaningful /ˈmiːnɪŋfl/ whom /huːm/ pron. 谁；什么人 p.73adj. 重要的；重大的 p.72  
make a wish 许愿 p.72 William /ˈwɪljəm/ Shakespeare  
celebration /ˌselɪˈbreɪʃn/ /ˈʃeɪkspɪə(r)/ 威廉 · 莎士比亚 p.71n. 庆典；庆祝（活动） p.72 Florence /ˈflɒrəns/ Nightingale  
post /pəʊst/ n. 帖子；邮政 /ˈnaɪtɪŋɡeɪl/ 弗洛伦斯 · 南丁格尔 p.71$\nu .$ 邮寄；发布 p.72 National Day 国庆节 p.71  
contact /ˈkɒntækt/ n. 联系；接触 CPC Founding Dayv. 联系；联络 p.72 中国共产党建党纪念日 p.71  
symbol /ˈsɪmbl/ n. 象征；符号 p.72 PLA Day 中国人民解放军建军节 p.71  
take a photo 拍照 p.72 Judy /ˈdʒuːdi/ 朱迪 p.72  
village /ˈvɪlɪdʒ/ n. 村庄；村镇 p.72 Clark /klɑːk/ 克拉克 p.72  

注：依据《义务教育英语课程标准（2022年版）》，本词表中的重点词汇用粗体显示。  

# Vocabulary A–Z

## A  
a lot 很；非常 p.23  
a lot of / lots of 大量；许多 p.29  
ability /əˈbɪləti/ n. 能力；才能 p.54  
across /əˈkrɒs/ adv. & prep.在（……）对面；横过 p.36  
across from 在对面 p.36  
act /ækt/ v. 扮演；行动n. （戏剧等）一幕；行动 p.56  
act out 表演 p.56  
activity /ækˈtɪvəti/ n. 活动 p.30  
already /ɔːlˈredi/ adv. 已经；早已 p.64  
AM /ˌeɪ ˈem/ ( $\ c =$ a.m.) 上午 p.48  
amazing /əˈmeɪzɪŋ/ adj. 令人惊奇（惊喜或惊叹）的 p.40  
another /əˈnʌðə(r)/ adj. & pron. 另一；又一（人或事物） p.16  
around /əˈraʊnd/ adv. & prep. 大约；环绕；到处 p.61  
as /æz; əz / prep. 如同；作为conj. 当……时；由于 p.47  
at home 在家里 p.56  
at night 在夜晚 p.32  
at school 在学校 p.40  
at the back (of) 在（……）后面 p.38  
at weekends 在周末 p.63  

##   B  

balloon /bəˈluːn/ n. 气球 p.70   
band /bænd/ n. 乐队 p.23  

bat /bæt/ n. 球棒；球拍 p.29   
beef /biːf/ n. 牛肉 p.56   
bell /bel/ n. 铃（声）；钟（声） p.4   
biology /baɪˈɒlədʒi/ n. 生物学 p.44   
blow /bləʊ/ v. 吹；刮 p.72   
blow out 吹灭 p.72   
bookcase /ˈbʊkkeɪs/ n.书架；书柜 p.39   
boring /ˈbɔːrɪŋ/ adj. 乏味的； 令人生厌的 p.44   
both /bəʊθ/ adj. & pron. 两个； 两个都 p.23   
bottle /ˈbɒtl/ n. 瓶子 p.7   
break /breɪk/ n.休息；间断 v.（使）破碎；损坏 p.64   
brush /brʌʃ/ v.（用刷子）刷 n. 刷子；画笔 p.60   
building /ˈbɪldɪŋ/ n. 建筑物；房子 p.36   
bye for now 再见 p.41  

  ## C  

carrot /ˈkærət/ n. 胡萝卜 p.13  
celebrate /ˈselɪbreɪt/ $\nu .$ 庆祝；庆贺 p.67  
celebration /ˌselɪˈbreɪʃn/  
n. 庆典；庆祝（活动） p.72  
centre /ˈsentə(r)/ ( $\ c =$ center)  
n. 中心；中央 p.36  
change /tʃeɪndʒ/ $\nu .$ & n. 改变；变化 p.40  
chess /tʃes/ n. 国际象棋 p.30  
Chinese chess 中国象棋 p.30  
chocolate /ˈtʃɒklət/ n. 巧克力 p.70  
choose /tʃuːz/ v. 选择；挑选 p.52  
circle $/ ^ { \prime } \mathbf { s } 3 3 / \mathbf { k } 1 / \nu .$ 圈出 n. 圆形；圆圈 p.17  
class teacher 班主任 p.21  
classmate /ˈklɑːsmeɪt/ n. 同班同学 p.21  
climb /klaɪm/ v. 攀登；爬 p.55  
club /klʌb/ n. 俱乐部；社团 p.51  
collect /kəˈlekt/ v. 收集；采集 p.56  
contact /ˈkɒntækt/ n. 联系；接触  
$\nu .$ 联系；联络 p.72  
conversation /ˌkɒnvəˈseɪʃn/  
n. 谈话；交谈 p.4  
corner ${ } ^ { / \prime } \mathbf { k } \mathbf { 0 } : \mathbf { n } \mathbf { 0 } ( \mathbf { r } ) / n .$ 角；墙角；街角 p.38  
count /kaʊnt/ $\nu .$ 数数 p.16  
country /ˈkʌntri/ n. 国家 p.22  

  ## D  

daily /ˈdeɪli/ adj. 每日的；日常的daily routine  日常生活  
dark /dɑːk/ adj. 昏暗的；深色的delicious /dɪˈlɪʃəs/ adj. 美味的；  
可口的  
different /ˈdɪfrənt/ adj. 不同的  
different from 与……不一样  
dining /ˈdaɪnɪŋ/ hall 餐厅  
discover /dɪˈskʌvə $( \mathrm { r } ) / \nu .$ 发现；发觉do exercises 做体操  
drama /ˈdrɑːmə/ n. 戏剧；戏剧表演drawer /drɔː(r)/ n. 抽屉  
drum /drʌm/ n. 鼓  
duty /ˈdjuːti/ n. 值班；职责  

## E

each /iːtʃ/ adj. & pron.每个；各自 each other 互相；彼此
else /els/ adv. 其他的；别的 p.17  
enjoy /ɪnˈdʒɔɪ/$\nu .$ 享受……的乐趣；喜欢 p.72  
eraser /ɪˈreɪzə(r)/ n. 橡皮 p.7  
even /ˈiːvn/ adv. 甚至；连；愈加 p.24  
every day 每天 p.29  
everyday /ˈevrideɪ/ adj. 每天的；日常的 p.64  
everyone /ˈevriwʌn/pron. 每人；所有人 p.2  
exactly /ɪɡˈzæktli/adv. 正是如此；准确地 p.53  
example /ɪɡˈzɑːmpl/ n. 例子；范例 p.71  
excellent /ˈeksələnt/adj. 优秀的；极好的 p.48  
exciting /ɪkˈsaɪtɪŋ/ adj. 令人激动的；使人兴奋的 p.44  

p.64   
p.64   
p.64  

  ## F  

p.40  
p.37  
fall /fɔːl/ v. & n. 进入；掉落；跌倒  
.40 n.（美式）秋天 p.56  
p.31 fall in love with 爱上…… p.56  
p.40 feeling /ˈfiːlɪŋ/ n. 感觉；情感 p.52  
p.36 field /fiːld/ n. 场地；田地 p.36  
p.56 finish /ˈfɪnɪʃ/ v. 结束；完成 p.64  
p.40 Finnish /ˈfɪnɪʃ/ n. 芬兰语  
p.52 adj. 芬兰的；芬兰人的；芬兰语的  p.64  
first name 名字 p.21  
p.53 fishing rod /rɒd/ 钓竿 p.29  
p.60 flag /flæɡ/ n. 旗；旗帜 p.40  
for example 例如 p.71  
found /faʊnd/ v. 创建；创立 p.71  
p.2 French /frentʃ/ n. 法语  
p.2 adj. 法国的；法国人的；法语的  p.48  

full /fʊl/ adj. 完整的；满的 p.20   
full name 全名 p.20   
fun /fʌn/ n. 乐趣；快乐   
adj. 有趣的；使人快乐的 p.13   
funny /ˈfʌni/ adj. 好笑的；奇怪的 p.31   
future /ˈfjuːtʃə(r)/ n. 将来；未来 p.48  

 ##  G  

geography /dʒiˈɒɡrəfi/ n. 地理（学） p.44  
get dressed 穿衣服 p.60  
get to know  认识；了解 p.20  
get up 起床；站起 p.60  
go hiking 远足；徒步旅行 p.33  
go to bed 上床睡觉 p.61  
good at 擅长 p.47  
good with 灵巧的；善于应付……的 p.45  
goose /ɡuːs/ n. (pl. geese /ɡiːs/) 鹅 p.14  
grade /ɡreɪd/ n. 年级；等级 p.20  
grandchild /ˈɡræntʃaɪld/n. (pl. grandchildren /ˈɡrænˌtʃɪldrən/)（外）孙子；（外）孙女 p.32  
grandparent /ˈɡrænpeərənt/n. 祖父（母）；外祖父（母） p.31  
greet /ɡriːt/ v. 招呼；问候 p.1  
grow /ɡrəʊ/ v. 成长；长大；增长 p.72  
guitar /ɡɪˈtɑː(r)/ n. 吉他 p.24  
gym  /dʒɪm/ n. ( $\ c =$ gymnasium/dʒɪmˈneɪziəm/) 体育馆，健身房；（尤指学校的）体育活动 p.36  

 ##  H  

hall /hɔːl/ n. 礼堂；大厅 p.36   
handsome /ˈhænsəm/ adj. 英俊的 p.32   
hat /hæt/ n. 帽子 p.32   
have fun 玩得高兴 p.31   
height /haɪt/ n. 身高；高度 p.72   
help sb with 帮助某人做（某事） p.45   
hey /heɪ/ interj. 嘿；喂 p.24   
hike /haɪk/ v. & n. 远足；徒步旅行 p.33   
history /ˈhɪstri/ n. 历史；历史课 p.44   
hobby /ˈhɒbi/ n. 业余爱好 p.25   
hockey /ˈhɒki/ n. 曲棍球 p.64   
homework /ˈhəʊmwɜːk/ n. 家庭作业 p.61   
housework /ˈhaʊswɜːk/ n. 家务劳动 p.63   
How about ...?  ……怎么样？ p.40   
husband /ˈhʌzbənd/ n. 丈夫 p.28  

 ##  I  

ice hockey  冰球运动；冰上曲棍球 p.64   
important /ɪmˈpɔːtnt/ adj. 重要的 p.37   
in class 课堂上 p.48   
in front of 在……前面 p.36   
in the future 将来；未来 p.48   
in the middle 在中间 p.32   
information /ˌɪnfəˈmeɪʃn/ n. 信息；消息 p.25   
insect /ˈɪnsekt/ n. 昆虫 p.56   
instrument /ˈɪnstrəmənt/ n. 乐器；器械；工具 p.48   
interested /ˈɪntrəstɪd/ adj. 感兴趣的 p.56   
interested in 对……感兴趣 p.56   
international /ˌɪntəˈnæʃnəl/ adj. 国际的 p.71   
IT /ˌaɪ ˈtiː/ ( $\ c =$ information technology /tekˈnɒlədʒi/) 信息技术 p.44  

## J
join /dʒɔɪn/ v. 参加；加入 p.51  

  ## K  

key /kiː/ n. 钥匙；关键 p.7   
kilo /ˈkiːləʊ/ $\dot { } = \mathbf { \nabla }$ kilogram, kilogramme /ˈkɪləɡræm/) n. $( p l . { \mathrm { k i l o s } } )$ 千克；公斤 p.69   
knee $/ \mathrm { n i } \rangle / n .$ . 膝；膝盖 p.32  

  ## L  

language /ˈlæŋɡwɪdʒ/ n. 语言 p.71  
large /lɑːdʒ/ adj. 大的；大号的 p.37  
last name 姓氏 p.20  
later /ˈleɪtə(r)/ adv. & adj. 以后（的）；后来（的） p.72  
laugh /lɑːf/ v. 笑；发笑  n. 笑声 p.31  
life /laɪf/ n. 生活；生命 p.48  
list /lɪst/ n. 名单；清单v. 列表；列清单 p.70  
listen to 听；倾听 p.47  
locker /ˈlɒkə(r)/n.有锁存物柜；寄物柜 p.37  
look at 看；瞧 p.17  

  ## M
magic /ˈmædʒɪk/ n. 魔法；魔力；魔术  

adj. 有魔力的；有神奇力量的 p.48  
make a wish 许愿 p.72  
make friends 交朋友 p.19  
make use of 使用……；利用…… p.59  
mark $/ \mathrm { m a : k } / \nu .$ 做记号；纪念；打分  
n. 记号 p.71  
mean $/ \mathrm { m i n } / \nu .$ 意思是；打算 p.27  

  meaningful /ˈmiːnɪŋfl/  

adj. 重要的；重大的 p.72  
member /ˈmembə(r)/ n. 成员；会员 p.30  
mind /maɪnd/ n. 头脑；心思 p.56  
mistake /mɪˈsteɪk/ n. 错误；失误 p.21  
modern /ˈmɒdn/ adj. 现代的；当代的 p.40  
more /mɔː(r)/ adj. & pron. 更多（的） p.55  
more than 多于 p.56  
most /məʊst/ adj. & pron. 大多数；  
最多；最大 adv. 最 p.40  
musical /ˈmjuːzɪkl/ adj. 音乐的；  
有音乐天赋的 p.53  
musical instrument 乐器 p.53  

  ## N
national /ˈnæʃnəl/  

adj. 国家的；民族的 p.71  
nature /ˈneɪtʃə(r)/ n. 自然界；大自然 p.56  
need /niːd/ v. & n. 需要 p.10  
news /njuːz/ n. 消息；新闻 p.53  
next time 下次 p.72  
next to 紧邻；在……近旁 p.33  
notice /ˈnəʊtɪs/ n. 通知；注意  
$\nu .$ 注意到；意识到 p.37  
number /ˈnʌmbə(r)/ n. 数字；号码 p.45  

 ##  O  

office /ˈɒfɪs/ n. 办公室 p.36  
oh /əʊ/ interj. 哦；啊 p.2  
on duty 值班 p.60  
only /ˈəʊnli/ adv. 只；仅 p.64  
other /ˈʌðə(r)/ pron. 另外的人（或物）  
adj. 另外的；其他的 p.2  

outside /ˌaʊtˈsaɪd/ adv. & prep.在（……）外面  adj. 外面的 p.64  
own /əʊn/adj. & pron. 自己的；本人的 p.71

## P  
page /peɪdʒ/ n. 页面；（书刊或纸张）页  p.24paint /peɪnt/ v. 用颜料画；  

在……上刷油漆 n. 油漆；涂料 p.54parrot /ˈpærət/ n. 鹦鹉 p.24part /pɑːt/ n. 部分 p.64past /pɑːst/ n. 过去；过去的事情  

adj. 过去的 prep. 在……之后 p.45  
ping-pong bat 乒乓球拍 p.29  
pizza /ˈpiːtsə/ n. 比萨饼 p.70  
play Chinese chess 下中国象棋 p.52  
play ping-pong 打乒乓球 p.29  
play the guitar 弹吉他 p.24  
PM /ˌpiː ˈem/ $\mathrm { { ( = p . m . ) } }$ 下午；午后 p.48  
post /pəʊst/ n. 帖子；邮政  
$\nu .$ 邮寄；发布 p.72  
pot /pɒt/ n. 锅 p.23  
prepare $/ \mathrm { p r n } ^ { \cdot } \mathrm { p e } \mathsf { o } ( \mathrm { r } ) / \nu .$ 把……预备好；  
准备 p.64  
prepare sth for 为……把某物准备好 p.64  
price /praɪs/ n. 价格 p.70  
problem /ˈprɒbləm/ n. 难题；困难 p.48  
put up 张贴；搭建 p.37  

## Q  
quarter /ˈkwɔːtə(r)/n. 一刻钟；四等份之一 p.60  

## R
raise /reɪz/ v. 使升高；提高 p.40re /riː/ prep.（用于回复电子邮件）  

关于；事由 p.25  
really /ˈriːəli/ adv. 非常；确实；真正地 p.29  
reason /ˈriːzn/ n. 原因；理由 p.46  
remember /rɪˈmembə(r)/v. 记住；记起 p.47  
reporter /rɪˈpɔːtə(r)/ n. 记者 p.61  
restaurant /ˈrestrɒnt/ n. 餐馆；餐厅 p.63  
rise /raɪz/ v. 起床；升起；增长n. 增加；增强 p.61  
routine /ruːˈtiːn/ n. 常规 p.62  

  ## S  

sale /seɪl/ n. 出售；销售 p.69  
same /seɪm/ adj. 相同的 p.23  
saying /ˈseɪɪŋ/ n. 谚语；格言 p.61  
scientist /ˈsaɪəntɪst/ n. 科学家 p.48  
screen /skriːn/ n. 屏幕；银幕 p.39  
seat /siːt/ n. 座位 p.40  
section /ˈsekʃn/ n. 部分；地区 p.1  
send /send/ $\nu .$ 发送；邮寄 p.40  
shower $/ ^ { \prime } { \int } \mathrm { a v } \mathsf { s } ( \mathrm { r } ) / n .$ 淋浴；淋浴器；  
阵雨 v. 洗淋浴 p.60  
similar /ˈsɪmələ(r)/  
adj. 类似的；相像的 p.41  
similar to 类似的；相像的 p.41  
singer /ˈsɪŋə(r)/ n. 歌手 p.48  
smart /smɑːt/ adj. 智能的；聪明的 p.37  
something /ˈsʌmθɪŋ/ pron. 某事；某物 p.69  
son /sʌn/ n. 儿子 p.33  
soon /suːn/ adv. 不久；很快 p.56  
sound /saʊnd/ v. 听起来；好像  
n. 声音；响声 p.41  
special /ˈspeʃl/ adj. 特别的；特殊的 p.37  
spell /spel/ v. 用字母拼；拼写 p.4  
spend /spend/ v. 花（时间、钱等） p.29  
sports field 运动场 p.36  
start /stɑːt/ v. 开始；着手 p.4  
starter /ˈstɑːtə(r)/ unit 过渡单元 p.1  
stay /steɪ/ v. 停留；待 p.62  
surprise /səˈpraɪz/ n. 惊奇；惊讶  
$\nu .$ 使感到意外 p.69  
symbol /ˈsɪmbl/ n. 象征；符号 p.72  

  ## T  

take a shower 淋浴 p.60   
take a photo 拍照 p.72   
take photos 拍照 p.56   
tennis /ˈtenɪs/ n. 网球运动 p.24   
term /tɜːm/ n. 学期 p.48   
than /ðæn; ðən/ prep. & conj.（用以  

引出比较的第二部分）比 p.56  
thing /θɪŋ/ n. 东西；事情 p.10  
tofu /ˈtəʊfuː/ n. 豆腐 p.23  
together /təˈɡeðə(r)/adv. 在一起；共同 p.29  
tooth /tuːθ/ n. (pl. teeth /tiːθ/) 牙齿 p.60  
total /ˈtəʊtl/ n. 总数；合计adj. 总的；全体的 p.69  
twin /twɪn/ n. 双胞胎之一adj. 双胞胎之一的 p.23  

  ## U  

unit /ˈjuːnɪt/ n. 单元 p.1  
usually /ˈjuːʒuəli/ adv. 通常地；一般地 p.60  

  ## V  

village /ˈvɪlɪdʒ/ n. 村庄；村镇 p.72   
violin /ˌvaɪə ${ \mathrm { ' l m / } } n .$ 小提琴 p.31  

  ## W  

weekend /ˌwiːkˈend/ n. 周末 p.63  
while /waɪl/ n. 一段时间；一会儿conj. 在……期间；当……的时候 p.63  
whiteboard /ˈwaɪtbɔːd/n. 白板；白色书写板 p.37  
whom /huːm/ pron. 谁；什么人 p.73  
wildlife /ˈwaɪldlaɪf/n. 野生动物；野生生物 p.56  
work out 计算出；解决 p.48  
would /wʊd; wəd/ modal v. 想（用于礼貌地邀请或向某人提供某物）；将会 p.24  
would (’d) like to 表示愿意、喜欢 p.24  

  ## Y  

yard /jɑːd/ n. 院子；园圃 p.13   
yogurt /ˈjɒɡət/ ( $\ c =$ yoghurt) n. 酸奶 p.69   
You’re welcome. 别客气；不用谢。 p.11   
yours /jɔːz/ pron.（通常写作 Yours， 用于书信结尾的签名前）你的； 您的 p.40  

  # Vocabulary from Primary School  

## Starter Unit 1 name /neɪm/ n. 名字；名称  
hello /həˈləʊ/ interj. 你好；喂 p.1 is $/ _ { \mathrm { I Z } } / \nu .$ 是  
how /haʊ/ adv. 怎样；如何 p.1 nice /naɪs/ adj. 令人愉快的；宜人的  
do /duː; də/ aux v. & $\nu .$ （第三人称单数 meet /miːt/ v. 遇见；相逢形式does /dʌz/）用于构成 so /səʊ/ conj. 用来引出评论或问题；所以否定句和疑问句；做；干 p.1 adv. 这么；那么  
you /juː; ju/ pron. 你；您；你们 p.1 what /wɒt/ pron. & adj. 什么  
people /ˈpiːpl/ n. 人；人们 p.1 your /jɔː(r); jə(r)/ pron. 你的；您的；  
hi /haɪ/ interj. 嗨；喂 p.1 你们的  
good /ɡʊd/ adj. 好的 p.1 too /tuː/ adv. 也；又；太  
morning $/ ^ { \cdot } \mathrm { m o m } / n .$ 早晨；上午 p.1 a /eɪ; $\mathfrak { d } /$ (an /æn; ən/) art.（用于单数  
and /ænd; ənd/ conj. 和；又 p.1 可数名词前，表示未曾提到的）  
Ms /mɪz; məz/ （用于女子的姓氏或姓 一（人、事、物）名前，不指明婚否）女士 p.2 are /ɑː(r); $\mathsf { o ( r ) / \ d \nu } _ { \ast }$ 是  
class /klɑːs/ n. 班级；课 p.2 goodbye /ˌɡʊdˈbaɪ/ interj. & n. 再见；  
sit /sɪt/ v. 坐 p.2 再会  
down /daʊn/ adv. 下；向下 p.2 may /meɪ/ modal v. 可以；可能  
please /pliːz/ interj. （用于客气地请求 have /hæv; həv/ $\nu .$ 或吩咐）请 p.2 has /hæz; həz/）有  
can /kæn; kən/ modal v. 能；会 p.2 call /kɔːl/ v. 把……叫作；（给……）  
say /seɪ/ v. 说 p.2 打电话；呼唤  
to /tuː; tə/  常用于原形动词之前， n. 打电话；大声呼表示该动词为不定式 prep. 朝；至 p.2 me /miː; mi/ pron.（I 的宾格）我  
the /ðiː; ðə, ði/ art. 指已提到或 fine /faɪn/ adj. 健康的；美好的易领会到的人或事物 p.2 great /ɡreɪt/ adj. 美妙的；伟大的  
I /aɪ/ pron. 我 p.2 that /ðæt/ pron. 那；那个  
am /æm; $\mathsf { o m } / \nu .$ 是 p.2 let /let/ v. 允许；让  
thank /θæŋk/ v. 感谢；谢谢 p.2 us /ʌs; əs/ pron.（we 的宾格）我们  
now /naʊ/ adv. 现在；目前 p.2 ${ \tt g o } / { \tt g o v } / { \nu } .$ 去；走  
my /maɪ/ pron. 我的 p.2 bye /baɪ/ ( $\ c =$  

p.2  
p.2  
p.2  
p.2  
p.2  
p.2  
p.2  
p.2  
p.4  
p.4  
p.4  
p.4  
（第三人称单数形式  
p.4  
p.4  
p.4  
p.4  
p.4  
p.4  
p.4  
p.4  
p.4  
goodbye) interj. 再见 p.4  
it /ɪt/ pron. 它 p.5 desk /desk/ n. 书桌 p.10  
time /taɪm/ n. 时间；次 p.5 chair /tʃeə(r)/ n. 椅子 p.10  
for /fɔː(r); fə(r)/ prep. 为了；给；对 p.5 book /bʊk/ n. 书 p.10  
box /bɒks/ n. 箱；盒；方框 p.10  
## Starter Unit 2 sock /sɔk/ n. 短袜 p.10  
keep /kiːp/ v.（使）保持；保留 p.7 some /sʌm; səm/ adj. 一些；某些  
tidy /ˈtaɪdi/ adj. 整洁的；井井有条的 p.7 pron. 有些；有的 p.10  
in $/ \mathrm { m / }$ prep. 在……里；表示某事完成 pair /peə(r)/ n. 一双；一对 p.10  
或发生的方式 p.7 of /ɒv; əv/ prep. 属于（某人）；  
schoolbag /ˈskuːlbæɡ/ n. 书包 p.7 关于（某人） p.10  
cap /kæp/ n. （无帽边或有帽舌的）帽子； on $/ \mathrm { { { p n } } } /$ prep. 在……上 p.10  
棒球帽 p.7 under /ˈʌndə(r)/ prep. 在……下 p.10  
ruler $/ { \mathrm { ' r u : l o ( r ) / } } n .$ 尺；直尺 p.7 mum /mʌm/ ( $\mathbf { \bar { \Psi } } = \mathbf { \Psi }$ mom /mɒm/) n. 妈妈 	 p.10  
pencil /ˈpensl/ n. 铅笔 p.7 not /nɒt/ adv. 不；没有 p.10  
brown /braʊn/ adj. & n. 棕色（的）； find /faɪnd/ $\nu .$ 找到；发现 p.10  
褐色（的） p.8 new /njuː/ adj. 新的；刚出现的 p.10  
black /blæk/ adj. & n. 黑色（的） p.8 no /nəʊ/ interj. 不；不要  
yellow /ˈjeləʊ/ adj. & n. 黄色（的） p.8 adj. 没有；不是 p.10  
orange /ˈɒrɪndʒ/ here /hɪə(r)/ adv. 在这里 p.10  
adj. & n. 橙红色（的）；橘黄色（的） room /ruːm/ n. 房间 p.10  
n. 橙子；柑橘 p.8 OK /əʊˈkeɪ/ interj. 好；行  
green /ɡriːn/ adj. & n. 绿色（的） p.8 adj. & adv. 可以（的） p.10  
blue /bluː/ adj. & n. 蓝色（的） p.8 sorry /ˈsɒri/ adj. 抱歉的；惋惜的 p.10  
white /waɪt/ adj. & n. 白色（的） p.8 dad /dæd/ n. 爸爸 p.11  
red /red/ adj. & n. 红色（的） p.8 glasses /ˈɡlɑːsɪz/ n. (pl.) 眼镜 p.11  
colour /ˈkʌlə(r)/ ( $\mathbf { \bar { \Psi } } = \mathbf { \Psi }$ color) n. 颜色 p.8 see /siː/ v. 看见 p.11  
trousers /ˈtraʊzəz/ n. $( p l . )$ 裤子 p.8 them /ðem; ðəm/ pron.（they的宾格）  
they /ðeɪ/ pron. 他（她、它）们 p.8 他（她、它）们 p.11  
bicycle /ˈbaɪsɪkl/ ( $\mathbf { \bar { \rho } } = \mathbf { \rho }$ bike /baɪk/) wait /weɪt/ v. 等待；等候 p.11  
n. 自行车；脚踏车 p.8 minute /ˈmɪnɪt/ n. 分；分钟 p.11  
shoe /ʃuː/ n. 鞋 p.8 head /hed/ n. 头 p.11  
where $/ \mathrm { w e o ( r ) } / a d \nu .$ 在哪里；到哪里 p.10 welcome /ˈwelkəm/ adj. 受欢迎的  
put /pʊt/ v. 放 p.10 interj., v. & n.  欢迎 p.11  
bed /bed/ n. 床 p.10 her /hɜː(r); hə(r)/ pron. 她的 p.11  

nose /nəʊz/ n. 鼻子 p.11  

  ## Starter Unit 3  

p.13  
p.13  
p.13  
p.13  
p.13  
p.13  
p.13  
姑父；姨父 p.16  
grass /ɡrɑːs/ n. 草 p.16  
kind /kaɪnd/ n. 种类  
adj. 体贴的；亲切的 p.16  
he /hiː; hi/ pron. 他 p.16  
pig /pɪɡ/ n. 猪 p.16  
there /ðeə(r)/ adv. 在那里 p.16  
behind /bɪˈhaɪnd/ prep. 在……的后面 p.16  
home /həʊm/ n. 家 p.16  
beautiful /ˈbjuːtɪfl/ adj. 美丽的 p.16  
like /laɪk/ v. 喜欢  
prep. 例如；像……一样 p.16  
his /hɪz; ɪz/ pron. 他的 p.17  
at /æt; ət/ prep. 向；朝；在（某处、  
某时间或时刻） p.17  

cat /kæt/ n. 猫   
these /ðiːz/ pron. 这些   
plant /plɑːnt/ n. 植物  v. 种植   
baby /ˈbeɪbi/ n. 动物幼崽；婴儿   
chicken /ˈtʃɪkɪn/ n. 鸡；鸡肉   
dog /dɒɡ/ n. 狗   
rabbit /ˈræbɪt/ n. 兔子   
tomato /təˈmɑːtəʊ; təˈmeɪtəʊ/ n. (pl. tomatoes) 西红柿   
flower /ˈflaʊə(r)/ n. 花   
apple $/ ^ { \cdot } \mathrm { a p l } / n .$ 苹果   
tree /triː/ n. 树   
this /ðɪs/ pron. 这；这个   
those /ðəʊz/ pron. 那些   
animal /ˈænɪml/ n. 动物   
duck /dʌk/ n. 鸭子   
potato /pəˈteɪtəʊ/ n. (pl. potatoes)  

p.13   
p.13   
p.13   
p.13   
p.13   
p.13   
p.14   
p.14  

  ## Unit 1  

土豆  
many /ˈmeni/ adj. & pron. 许多  
grandpa /ˈɡrænpɑː/ ( $\ c =$ grandfather/ˈɡrænfɑːðə(r)/ ) n. 爷爷；外公farm /fɑːm/ n. 农场  
cow /kaʊ/ n. 奶牛  
small /smɔːl/ adj. 小的  
lake /leɪk/ n. 湖  
house /haʊs/ n. 房子  
horse /hɔːs/ n. 马  
sheep /ʃiːp/ n. (pl. sheep) 羊；绵羊big /bɪɡ/ adj. 大的  
look /lʊk/ v. 看  
uncle /ˈʌŋkl/ n. 舅父；叔父；伯父；  

we /wiː; wi/ pron. 我们 p.19  
make /meɪk/ v. 使成为；制造 p.19  
friend /frend/ n. 朋友 p.19  
p.14 get /ɡet/ v. 去取（或带来）；得到 p.20  
p.14 know /nəʊ/ v. 知道 p.20  
from /frɒm; frəm/ prep. 从……来；  
p.14 从……开始 p.20  
p.16 old /əʊld/ adj. 老的；旧的 p.20  
p.16 last /lɑːst/ adj. 最后的；末尾的 p.20  
p.16 year /jɪə(r); jɜː(r)/ n. 年 p.20  
p.16 yes /jes/ interj. 是的；可以 p.20  
p.16 Mr /ˈmɪstə(r)/（用于男子的姓氏或  
p.16 姓名前）先生 p.21  
p.16 our /ɑː(r); ˈaʊə(r)/ pron. 我们的 p.21  
p.16 English /ˈɪŋɡlɪʃ/ n. 英语；英格兰人  
p.16 adj. 英语的；英格兰的 p.21  
teacher /ˈtiːtʃə(r)/ n. 教师 p.21  
p.21  
p.21  
p.22  

which /wɪtʃ/ pron. 哪一个；哪一些  
who /huː/ pron. 谁；什么人  
job /dʒɒb/ n. 工作  
student /ˈstjuːdnt/ n. 学生  
age /eɪdʒ/ n. 年龄  
she /ʃiː; ʃi/ pron. 她  
favourite /ˈfeɪvərɪt/ $\ l =$ favorite)  

p.22  
p.22  
p.22  
adj. 最喜欢的；最爱的 p.23  
pet /pet/ n. 宠物 p.23  
very /ˈveri/ adv. 很；非常 p.23  
cute /kjuːt/ adj. 可爱的 p.23  
much /mʌtʃ/ adv. 非常；十分  
pron. & adj. 许多；大量；多少 p.23  
school /skuːl/ n. 学校 p.23  
China /ˈtʃaɪnə/ 中国 p.23  
panda /ˈpændə/ n. 熊猫 p.23  
hot /hɒt/ adj. 热的；炎热的 p.23  
also /ˈɔːlsəʊ/ adv. 也；而且 p.23  
live /lɪv/ v. 居住；生活 p.23  
with /wɪð; wɪθ/ prep. 和……在一起；  
带有；使用 p.23  
parent /ˈpeərənt/ n. 父（母）亲 p.23  
Chinese /ˌtʃaɪˈniːz/ adj. 中国的  
n. 中国人；汉语 p.23  
food /fuːd/ n. 食物 p.23  
lot /lɒt/ pron. 大量；许多 p.23  
about /əˈbaʊt/ prep. 关于  adv. 大约 	 p.24  
wall /wɔːl/ n. 墙 p.24  
all /ɔːl/ pron. & adj. 所有（的）；  
全部（的） p.24  
hour /ˈaʊə(r)/ n. 小时 p.24  
ago /əˈɡəʊ/ adv. 以前 p.24  
family /ˈfæməli/ n. 家庭 p.24  
bird /bɜːd/ n. 鸟 p.24  
speak /spiːk/ v. 说（某种语言）；说话 	 p.24  
sport /spɔːt/ n. 运动 p.24  
often /ˈɒfn; ˈɒftən/ adv. 时常；常常 p.24  
play /pleɪ/ v. 玩 p.24  
after /ˈɑːftə(r)/ prep. & conj. 在……以后 	p.24  
want /wɒnt/ v. 想要 p.24  
be /biː; bi/ v. 是 p.24  
place /pleɪs/ n. 地方；地点 p.24  
music /ˈmjuːzɪk/ n. 音乐 p.24  
love /lʌv/ v. & n. 喜爱；爱 p.25  
write /raɪt/ v. 写 p.25  

  ## Unit 2  

or /ɔː(r)/ conj. 或者；也不（用于否定句）	p.28  
mother $/ { \mathrm { ' m a } } { \eth } { \mathfrak { s o } } ( \mathrm { r } ) / n .$ 母亲 p.28  
child /tʃaɪld/ n. (pl. children /ˈtʃɪldrən/)儿童；小孩 p.28  
sister /ˈsɪstə(r)/ n. 姐；妹 p.28  
brother $/ ` \mathrm { b r } \lambda \partial \mathsf { \mathsf { o } ( r ) } / n .$ . 兄；弟 p.28  
cousin $/ ^ { \prime }  { \mathrm { k } }  { \Lambda }  { \mathrm { z n } } / n .$ 堂兄（弟、姊、妹）；表兄（弟、姊、妹） p.28  
aunt /ɑːnt/ n. 姑（姨、伯、婶、舅）母  p.28  
grandmother /ˈɡrænmʌðə(r)/( $\dot { \bf \Phi } = { \bf \Phi }$ grandma /ˈɡrænmɑː/ )n. 奶奶；外婆 p.28  
come /kʌm/ v. 来；来到 p.29  
ping-pong /ˈpɪŋpɒŋ/ n. 乒乓球运动 p.29  
whose /huːz/ pron. 谁的 p.29  
well /wel/ interj. 嗯；好吧adv. 好；令人满意地  adj. 健康的 	p.29  
every /ˈevri/ adj. 每一；每个 p.29  
day /deɪ/ n. 一天；白天 p.29  
week /wiːk/ n. 周 p.29  
fish /fɪʃ/ v. 钓鱼  n. 鱼；鱼肉 p.29  

father ${ \mathrm { ' } } \mathrm { f a }      { \mathrm { : } } \eth \circ ( \mathrm { r } ) / n .$ 父亲；爸爸piano /piˈænəʊ/ n. (pl. pianos) 钢琴basketball /ˈbɑːskɪtbɔːl/ n. 篮球；  

篮球运动 p.30read $/ \mathrm { { r i } . \mathrm { { d } } } / \nu .$ 读；阅读 p.30garden $/ { \mathrm { { g a m } } } / { \nu } .$ 做园艺工作；  

种植花木  n. 园圃；庭园 p.30classroom /ˈklɑːsruːm/ n. 教室 p.31their /ðeə(r)/ pron. 他（她、它）们的  p.31clean /kliːn/ adj. 干净的  

v. 使……干净；打扫 p.31 little /ˈlɪtl/ adj. 小的；年幼的 p.31 ball /bɔːl/ n. 球 p.31 playground /ˈpleɪɡraʊnd/  

n. 游乐场；操场 p.31  
wear $/ \mathrm { w e o ( r ) } / \nu .$ 穿；戴 p.31  
talk $/ \mathrm { t } \mathfrak { o } \mathrm { : } \mathrm { k } / \nu .$ & n. 说话；交谈 p.31  
tall /tɔːl/ adj. 高的 p.31  
short /ʃɔːt/ adj. 短的；矮的 p.31  
hair /heə(r)/ n. 头发 p.31  
long /lɒŋ/ adj. 长的 p.31  
quiet /ˈkwaɪət/ adj. 安静的 p.31  
${ \mathrm { g i r l ~ } } / { \mathfrak { g } } 3 { : } 1 / n .$ 女孩 p.31  
but /bʌt; bət/ conj. 但是 p.31  
any /ˈeni/ adj. & pron. 任何（的）；  
任一（的） p.31  
photo /ˈfəʊtəʊ/ ( $\dot { } = \mathbf { \nabla }$ photograph  
/ˈfəʊtəɡrɑːf/) n. (pl. photos) 照片	 p.32  
pink /pɪŋk/ adj. & n. 粉红色（的） p.32  
left /left/ n. 左边 adv. 向左边 p.32  
right /raɪt/ n. 右边 adv. 向右边  
adj. 正确的；适当的 p.32  
always /ˈɔːlweɪz/ adv. 总是 p.32  
story /ˈstɔːri/ n. 故事 p.32  
night /naɪt/ n. 夜晚 p.32  
middle /ˈmɪdl/ n. 中间  adj. 中间的 p.32  
think /θɪŋk/ v. 思考 p.32  
football /ˈfʊtbɔːl/ n. 足球；足球运动 p.33  
happy /ˈhæpi/ adj. 快乐的 p.33  
eye /aɪ/ n. 眼睛 p.33  
clever /ˈklevə(r)/ adj. 聪明的 p.33  
next /nekst/ adj., adv. & n.  
下一个（的） p.33  
him /hɪm; ɪm/ pron.（he的宾格）他 p.33  
help /help/ v. & n. 帮助 p.33  

  ## Unit 3  

front /frʌnt/ n. 前面 p.36  
art /ɑːt/ n. 艺术；美术 p.36  
between /bɪˈtwiːn/ prep. 在……之间 p.36  
library /ˈlaɪbrəri/ n. 图书馆 p.36  
blackboard /ˈblækbɔːd/ n. 黑板 p.37  
up /ʌp/ adv. 向上 p.37  
back /bæk/ n. 后面；背部  
adj. 后面的；背后的  
adv. 回来；回原处 p.38  
clock /klɒk/ n. 时钟；钟 p.38  
map /mæp/ n. 地图 p.38  
computer /kəmˈpjuːtə(r)/ n. 电脑 p.38  
window /ˈwɪndəʊ/ n. 窗户 p.39  
science /ˈsaɪəns/ n. 科学 p.39  
picture /ˈpɪktʃə(r)/ n. 照片；图画 p.39  
famous /ˈfeɪməs/ adj. 著名的 p.39  
table /ˈteɪbl/ n. 桌子 p.39  
today /təˈdeɪ/ adv. 在今天 n. 今天 p.39  
email /ˈiːmeɪl/ n. 电子邮件  
v. （给某人）发电子邮件 p.40  

answer /ˈɑːnsə(r)/ v. 回答；答复 n. 答案 p.40 question /ˈkwestʃən/ n. 问题 p.40 exercise /ˈeksəsaɪz/  

n. & $\nu .$ 运动；锻炼；练习 p.40  
way /weɪ/ n. 方式；道路 p.40  
best /best/ adj. 最好的 adv. 最 p.40  
because /bɪˈkɒz/ conj. 因为 p.40  
why /waɪ/ adv. 为什么 p.41  
dear /dɪə(r)/ adj. 亲爱的 p.41  
tell /tel/ v. 告诉 p.41  
interesting /ˈɪntrəstɪŋ/ adj. 有趣的 p.41  

  ## Unit 4  

subject /ˈsʌbdʒɪkt/ n. 学科；科目 p.43  
learn $/ { \mathrm { l } } _ { 3 : \mathrm { n } } / \nu .$ 学习；得知 p.43  
maths /mæθs/ ( $\ c =$ mathematics  
/ˌmæθəˈmætɪks/, math /mæθ/)  
n. 数学 p.44  
PE /ˌpiː ˈiː/ $\mathbf { \Sigma } = \mathbf { \Sigma }$ physical /ˈfɪzɪkl/,  
education /ˌedʒuˈkeɪʃn/) n. 体育 p.44  
hard /hɑːd/ adj. 困难的  adv. 努力地 p.44  
difficult /ˈdɪfɪkəlt/ adj. 困难的 p.44  
sure $/ [ 5 \mathfrak { s } ( \mathrm { r } ) / a d \nu .$ 当然；一定 p.45  
easy /ˈiːzi/ adj. 容易的 p.46  
use /juːz/ v. 使用；利用  
/juːs/ n. 使用；用途 p.47  
give ${ \big / } { \mathfrak { g } } \mathbf { I V } / \nu .$ 给；送给；供给 p.47  
idea /aɪˈdɪə/ n. 想法；主意 p.47  
listen /ˈlɪsn/ v. 听 p.47  
draw /drɔː/ v. 画画 p.47  
travel /ˈtrævl/ v. & n. 旅行；游历 p.47  
walk /wɔːk/ v. & n. 行走；步行 p.47  
afternoon /ˌɑːftəˈnuːn/ n. 下午 p.47  

then /ðen/ adv. 那时；然后；那么 p.47Miss /mɪs/ （对未婚女子的礼貌称呼）  

小姐；女士 p.47  
work /wɜːk/ v. & n. 工作 p.47  
sometimes /ˈsʌmtaɪmz/ adv. 有时 p.47  
feel /fiːl/ $\nu .$ 感觉；觉得 p.47  
busy /ˈbɪzi/ adj. 忙碌的；无暇的 p.48  
study /ˈstʌdi/ v. & n. 学习；研究 p.48  
song /sɒŋ/ n. 歌曲 p.48  
out /aʊt/ adv. & prep.（从……里）  

出来；出去 p.48  

  ## Unit 5  

sing /sɪŋ/ v. 唱歌 p.53   
swim /swɪm/ v. & n. 游泳 p.54   
run /rʌn/ v. & n. 跑；跑步 p.54   
fast /fɑːst/ adv. 快地  adj. 快的 p.54   
dance /dɑːns/ $\nu .$ & n. 跳舞 p.54   
fly /flaɪ/ v. 飞 p.55   
watch /wɒtʃ/ v. 注视；观看   
n. 表；手表 p.55   
cake /keɪk/ n. 蛋糕 p.55   
cook /kʊk/ v. 做饭  n. 厨师 p.55   
noodle /ˈnuːdl/ n. (usually pl.) 面条 p.56   
open /ˈəʊpən/ v. 打开   
adj. 开放的；敞开的 p.56   
take /teɪk/ $\nu .$ 拍照；拿；取；买下 p.56   
visit /ˈvɪzɪt/ v. & n. 参观；拜访 p.56   
park /pɑːk/ n. 公园 p.56   
when /wen/ adv. 什么时候 p.57   
share $/ [ \mathbf { e } _ { \mathsf { \Phi } } ( \mathbf { r } ) / \nu .$ 分享；合用；分担 p.57  

  ## Unit 6  

o’clock /əˈklɒk /adv. （表示整点）……点钟 p.60  

half /hɑːf/ n. 一半；半  pron. 半数dress /dres/ $\nu .$ 穿衣服  n. 连衣裙breakfast /ˈbrekfəst/ n. 早餐  
before /bɪˈfɔː(r)/ prep. & conj.  
在……以前  adv. 以前  
begin /bɪˈɡɪn/ v. 开始  
dinner $/ ^ { \cdot } \mathrm { d } \mathrm { m } { \mathsf { \circ } } ( \mathrm { r } ) / n .$ 正餐；主餐  
early /ˈɜːli/ adj. 早的；早期的  
adv. 提前；在早期  
ask $/ \mathrm { a } { \cdot } \mathrm { s k } / \nu .$ 询问；请求  
lunch /lʌntʃ/ n. 午餐  
film /fɪlm/ n. 电影  
lesson /ˈlesn/ n. 课；一节课  
ice /aɪs/ n. 冰；冰块  

  ## Unit 7  

birthday /ˈbɜːθdeɪ/ n. 生日 month $/ \mathrm { m a n } \theta / n .$ . 月份 gift /ɡɪft/ n. 礼物 party /ˈpɑːti/ n. 聚会 buy /baɪ/ v. 买  

p.60   
p.60   
p.60  

shop /ʃɒp/ n. 商店   
v. 逛商店；在商店购物 p.69   
woman /ˈwʊmən/   
n. (pl. women /ˈwɪmɪn/) 女人 p.69   
p.60 candle /ˈkændl/ n. 蜡烛 p.69   
p.60 will /wɪl/ modal v. 将要；会 p.69   
p.61 $\mathrm { e g g / e g / } n .$ 蛋 p. 70   
juice /dʒuːs/ n. 果汁 p. 70   
p.61 milk /mɪlk/ n. 牛奶 p.70   
p.62 candy /ˈkændi/ n. 糖果 p.70   
p.62 drink /drɪŋk/ n. 饮品  v. 喝 p.70   
p.63 card /kɑːd/ n. 厚纸片；卡片 p.71   
p.64 doll /dɒl/ n. 玩偶；玩具娃娃 p.71   
p.64 Mrs /ˈmɪsɪz/ （对已婚妇女的礼貌称呼）   
夫人；太太 p.71   
eat $/ \mathrm { i } \mathrm { : } \mathrm { t } / \nu .$ 吃 p.71   
p.67 wish /wɪʃ/ v. 希望；祝愿  n. 愿望 p.71   
p.68 nurse /nɜːs/ n. 护士 p.71   
p.68 hear $/ \mathrm { h } \mathfrak { o } ( \mathfrak { r } ) / \nu .$ 听到 p.72   
p.69 door $/ \mathrm { d } { \mathsf { o } } \mathrm { : ( r ) / \ } n .$ 门 p.72   
p.69  

# reference word list

 ## 数词  

  基数词  

  序数词  

one /wʌn/ num. 一  
two /tuː/ num. 二  
three /θriː/ num. 三  
four /fɔː(r)/ num. 四  
five /faɪv/ num. 五  
six /sɪks/ num. 六  
seven /ˈsevn/ num. 七  
eight /eɪt/ num. 八  
nine /naɪn/ num. 九  
ten /ten/ num. 十  
eleven /ɪˈlevn/ num. 十一  
twelve /twelv/ num. 十二  
thirteen /ˌθɜːˈtiːn/ num. 十三  
fourteen /ˌfɔːˈtiːn/ num. 十四  
fifteen /ˌfɪfˈtiːn/ num. 十五  
sixteen /ˌsɪkˈstiːn/ num. 十六  
seventeen /ˌsevnˈtiːn/ num.十七  
eighteen /ˌeɪˈtiːn/ num. 十八  
nineteen /ˌnaɪnˈtiːn/ num. 十九  
twenty /ˈtwenti/ num. 二十  
thirty /ˈθɜːti/ num. 三十  
forty /ˈfɔːti/ num. 四十  
fifty /ˈfɪfti/ num. 五十  
sixty /ˈsɪksti/ num. 六十  
seventy /ˈsevnti/ num. 七十  
eighty /ˈeɪti/ num. 八十  
ninety /ˈnaɪnti/ num. 九十  
hundred /ˈhʌndrəd/ num. 百  
thousand /ˈθaʊznd/ num. 千  
million /ˈmɪljən/ num. 百万  
first /fɜːst/ num. 第一  
second /ˈsekənd/ num. 第二  
third /θɜːd/ num. 第三  
fourth /fɔːθ/ num. 第四  
fifth /fɪfθ/ num. 第五  
sixth /sɪksθ/ num. 第六  
seventh /ˈsevnθ/ num. 第七  
eighth /eɪtθ/ num. 第八  
ninth /naɪnθ/ num. 第九  
tenth /tenθ/ num. 第十  
eleventh /ɪˈlevnθ/ num. 第十一  
twelfth /twelfθ/ num. 第十二  
thirteenth /ˌθɜːˈtiːnθ/ num. 第十三  
fourteenth /ˌfɔːˈtiːnθ/ num. 第十四  
fifteenth /ˌfɪfˈtiːnθ/ num. 第十五  
sixteenth /ˌsɪkˈstiːnθ/ num. 第十六  
seventeenth /ˌsevnˈtiːnθ/ num. 第十七  
eighteenth /ˌeɪˈtiːnθ/ num. 第十八  
nineteenth /ˌnaɪnˈtiːnθ/ num. 第十九  
twentieth /ˈtwentiəθ/ num. 第二十  
thirtieth /ˈθɜːtiəθ/ num. 第三十  
fortieth /ˈfɔːtiəθ/ num. 第四十  
fiftieth /ˈfɪftiəθ/ num. 第五十  
sixtieth /ˈsɪkstiəθ/ num. 第六十  
seventieth /ˈsevntiəθ/ num. 第七十  
eightieth /ˈeɪtiəθ/ num. 第八十  
ninetieth /ˈnaɪntiəθ/ num. 第九十  
hundredth /ˈhʌndrədθ/ num. 第一百  
thousandth /ˈθaʊzndθ/ num. 第一千  
millionth /ˈmɪljənθ/ num. 第一百万  

  ## 月份  

January /ˈdʒænjuəri/ n. 一月 February /ˈfebruəri/ n. 二月 March /mɑːtʃ/ n. 三月 April /ˈeɪprəl/ n. 四月 May /meɪ/ n. 五月 June /dʒuːn/ n. 六月  

July /dʒuˈlaɪ/ n. 七月 August /ˈɔːɡəst/ n. 八月 September /sepˈtembə $( \mathrm { r } ) / n .$ 九月 October /ɒkˈtəʊbə(r)/ n. 十月 November /nəʊˈvembə(r)/ n. 十一月 December /dɪˈsembə $( \mathrm { r } ) / n .$ 十二月  

  ## 星期  

Monday /ˈmʌndeɪ; -di/ n. 星期一 Tuesday /ˈtjuːzdeɪ; -di/ n. 星期二 Wednesday /ˈwenzdeɪ; -di/ n. 星期三 Thursday /ˈθɜːzdeɪ; -di/ n. 星期四  

Friday /ˈfraɪdeɪ; -di/ n. 星期五 Saturday /ˈsætədeɪ; -di/ n. 星期六 Sunday /ˈsʌndeɪ; -di/ n. 星期天  

  # 后  记  

本套教科书（七\~ 九年级）由人民教育出版社课程教材研究所英语课程教材研究开发中心依据教育部《义务教育英语课程标准（2022 年版）》编写。  

本套教科书集中反映了基础教育课程改革的最新成果，总结了上一版《义务教育教科书 英语》的编写经验，凝聚了教育专家、学科专家、教材编写人员、教研人员及一线教师的集体智慧。本套教科书封面设计由中央美术学院设计团队完成，人民教育出版社设计部制作。本册教科书版式设计为胡白珂，内文插图绘制为王平、李彪，参加编写工作的还有钟宁、王兰英、游晓霞、辜翔宇、肖菲、王生军、马小洁，参加编辑工作的还有张琳琳、张译峻、唐芳心。我们感谢为本册教科书提供部分内容咨询的张晓光，以及所有对教科书的编写、审读、试教、出版等提供过帮助与支持的同仁和社会各界朋友。  

本册教科书出版之前，我们通过多种渠道与教科书选用作品的作者进行了联系，得到了他们的大力支持。视觉中国、IC photo 等图库，北京市陈经纶中学分校、成都市七中育才学校银杏校区、东莞市松山湖实验中学等学校，以及张朝平、雷淼提供了图片素材。对此，我们表示衷心的感谢！  

我们真诚地希望广大教师、学生及家长在使用本册教科书过程中提出宝贵的意见和建议。我们将本着精益求精的态度，集思广益，不断修订，努力使教科书日趋完善。  

联系方式  
电  话：010-58758236，58758866  
电子邮箱：jcfk $@$ pep.com.cn  
中小学教材意见反馈平台：jcyjfk.pep.com.cn  

义 务 教 育 教 科 书  

  英语  

七年级 上册YIWU JIAOYU JIAOKESHUYINGYU  
